{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-08T12:41:01.807740014Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThis is a legal notice from the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) that explains how certain data and information may be used by third-party vendors in order to better understand and serve ads to users of a website or app. The notice requires websites and apps to provide clear and transparent information about how they use third-party vendor data, including which vendors have access to the data, why they need it, and what types of data they collect.\n\nThe notice also provides an overview of how each type of data is used by the various third-party vendors and outlines the purposes for which that data may be used. The notice emphasizes the importance of transparency and user control in this regard, as well as the need for websites and apps to ensure the security, privacy, and trustworthiness of their use of third-party vendor data.\n\nHere is a summary of the main points of the IAB legal notice:\n\n1. The purpose of the notice is to provide transparency and control over how third-party vendors use data collected through cookies or other technologies.\n2. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device by a website or app in order to track your behavior across different pages and devices.\n3. Third-party vendors may have access to this information, which can include the pages you visit, the apps you use, and any personal information you provide.\n4. The purposes for which third-party vendors may use this data are varied, including delivering targeted ads based on your interests, measuring the performance of advertising campaigns, ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, and fixing errors.\n5. Users have control over which third-party vendors can access their data, as well as the types of data that are collected and used by these vendors.\n6. Websites and apps must provide clear and transparent information about how they use third-party vendor data, including a list of all vendors with access to this data and the purposes for which that data may be used.\n7. The IAB requires that websites and apps also provide users with control over whether or not they want to receive targeted ads from certain vendors, as well as the ability to opt out of receiving targeted ads altogether.\n8. Security, privacy, and trustworthiness are important considerations for websites and apps in relation to their use of third-party vendor data.\n\nOverall, the IAB legal notice is an effort to provide greater transparency and control over how websites and apps collect, use, and share user data, with the goal of ensuring that users have confidence in the accuracy, relevance, and privacy of the advertising they receive online.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 90109683573, 'load_duration': 1451368, 'prompt_eval_count': 1237, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4407358000, 'eval_count': 582, 'eval_duration': 85593882000}