{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-08T14:52:47.006226708Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The H&M website is using cookies to collect information about the user's browsing behavior and preferences in order to provide a more personalized experience. The types of cookies used are:\n\n1. Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are necessary to maintain our services and cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you, such as creating an account or saving a wish-list for later.\n2. Performance cookies: These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic so we can collect insights like which pages are the most popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore, anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not be able to provide you with a tailored experience.\n3. Functional cookies: These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.\n4. Marketing cookies: When you accept marketing cookies, you give us your consent to place cookies on your device to provide you with relevant content that fits your interests. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners or us, to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant content on our and third-party sites. To be able to deliver content that fits your interests, we will use your interactions together with personal information you have provided to us on our site. To present you with relevant content on third-party sites, we will share this information and a customer identifier such as an encrypted email-address or device id with third parties, such as advertising platforms and social networks. To make the content as interesting as possible for you, we may link this data across the different devices you use. If you choose not to accept marketing cookies, we will not place such cookies on your device, and you may experience less relevant content from us.\n5. Back Button Cookie: This cookie helps users return to the previous page when using the back button in their browser.\n6. List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm my choices: This is a check box that allows users to consent to the use of cookies and other tracking technologies.\n7. TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Polish Bulgarian Hindi Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Turkish Finnish Lithuanian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW: This is a button that allows users to copy the url of the website.\n8. Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE: This is a button that allows users to embed the snippet below in their site.\n9. Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal: This is a button that allows users to enable collaborative features and customize the widget on their website."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 102680393652, 'load_duration': 1172543, 'prompt_eval_count': 1083, 'prompt_eval_duration': 3761156000, 'eval_count': 702, 'eval_duration': 98770744000}