{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-08T15:03:41.125388004Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe Uniqlo website has several types of cookies that are used to provide a better user experience and improve the performance of the site. Here is a breakdown of each type of cookie and how they are used:\n\n1. Strictly Necessary Cookies - These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.\n2. Functional Cookies - These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.\n3. Performance Cookies - These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. None of this information can be used to identify you.\n4. Targeting Cookies - These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.\n5. Never Active - These cookies are not present on this UNIQLO website. They are only present on UNIQLO websites outside of EUROPE. This means that any cookies within this list will never be activated.\n\nBy default, the Uniqlo website allows all types of cookies to be used by our services. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. If you selected "Ask App Not to Track" upon your first use of the Uniqlo App, then ONLY strictly necessary cookies will be used. You can change these default settings by selecting different options in the cookie management section.\n\nIn addition to the above types of cookies, the Uniqlo website may also use tracking pixels (also known as web beacons) or clear GIFs to collect information about your browsing activities and visit patterns. These technologies can only be used by UNIQLO websites outside of EUROPE.\n\nYou can control the cookies that are set on our sites through the following options:\n\n1. Accept all cookies - Allows all types of cookies to be used by our services.\n2. Ask App Not To Track - Only allows strictly necessary cookies to be used by our services.\n3. Block All Cookies - Prevents all cookies from being set on our sites, including those that are necessary for the site to function. This will make it so certain features may not work properly.\n4. Manage Consent Preferences - Allows you to manage your consent preferences for cookies and other data collection technologies.\n5. Never Active - Prevents all cookies from being set on our sites, including those that are necessary for the site to function. This will make it so certain features may not work properly.\n6. View Cookies - Allows you to view the names of the cookies currently set on your device.\n7. Name cookie name - The name of the cookie.\n8. Confirm My Choices - Accepts or denies the use of the cookies that have been selected by the user.\n9. Apply - Allows the user to apply the changes made in the previous sections.\n10. Cancel - Allows the user to cancel the changes made in the previous sections and return to the default settings.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 146052628389, 'load_duration': 1381327, 'prompt_eval_count': 2041, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7843137000, 'eval_count': 830, 'eval_duration': 138095695000}