{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-08T10:21:16.764166547Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'Etsy Ireland UC is an unlimited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland having company registration number 495696. VAT number: IE9777587C Last updated on Nov 23, 2023 Etsy, Inc. Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Interest-based ads Local Shops Regions Privacy Settings Etsy uses cookies and similar technologies to give you a better experience, enabling things like: basic site functions ensuring secure, safe transactions secure account login remembering account, browser, and regional preferences remembering privacy and security settings analysing site traffic and usage personalized search, content, and recommendations helping sellers understand their audience showing relevant, targeted ads on and off Etsy Detailed information can be found in Etsy’s Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy and our Privacy Policy . Required Cookies & Technologies Some of the technologies we use are necessary for critical functions like security and site integrity, account authentication, security and privacy preferences, internal site usage and maintenance data, and to make the site work correctly for browsing and transactions. Always on Site Customization Cookies and similar technologies are used to improve your experience, to do things like: remember your login, general, and regional preferences personalize content, search, recommendations, and offers Without these technologies, things like personalized recommendations, your account preferences, or localisation may not work correctly. Find out more in our Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy. On Personalized Advertising To enable personalized advertising (like interest-based ads), we may share your data with our marketing and advertising partners using cookies and other technologies. Those partners may have their own information they’ve collected about you. Turning off the personalized advertising setting won’t stop you from seeing Etsy ads, but it may make the ads you see less relevant or more repetitive. Personalized advertising may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of information under California and other state privacy laws, and you may have a right to opt out. Turning off personalized advertising allows you to exercise your right to opt out. Learn more in our Privacy Policy. , Help Center , and Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy . On Saved Done Update your settings Set where you live, what language you speak, and the currency you use. Learn more. Cancel Loading Save Loading Regions Etsy does business in: Australia Austria Belgium Canada Canada (French) Denmark Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Ireland Israel Italy Japan Mexico New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Singapore Spain Sweden Switzerland The Netherlands United Kingdom United States Got it TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Polish Bulgarian Hindi Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesia Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back The page is part of the website etsy.com . It is in the url https://www.etsy.com/legal/impressum and when registering the user gave the following information {"email": "authorization.thesis@gmail.com", "name": "Jane Doe", "birthday": "01-01-1970", "gender": "female"} Should this page be public to all users? Answer only with yes or no.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 140651799477, 'load_duration': 1233505, 'prompt_eval_count': 1684, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6419100000, 'eval_count': 817, 'eval_duration': 134086638000}