{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T10:02:11.747421966Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The IAB's Transparency and Consent Framework provides a comprehensive framework for how companies can obtain, use, and disclose personal data, including data about users' interests, preferences, and behaviors. The framework consists of seven principles, which are designed to promote transparency, consent, and privacy in the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data.\n\nHere are the seven principles of the IAB's Transparency and Consent Framework:\n\n1. Get informed: Before collecting or using any personal data, companies must inform users about how their data will be used, what rights they have, and who they may share it with. This includes providing clear and concise information about the company's policies and practices related to personal data collection and use.\n2. Give consent: Users should be given the option to opt-in or opt-out of any personal data collection or use by a company. Companies must provide clear and easy-to-understand instructions on how to exercise these rights, and users must be able to do so at any time.\n3. Do not discriminate: When collecting or using personal data, companies must not discriminate against individuals based on their race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, or other personal characteristics.\n4. Keep it safe: Companies must take reasonable steps to protect personal data from unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or destruction. This includes implementing appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the security of personal data.\n5. Minimize the use of personal data: Companies should only collect and use personal data necessary for the stated purpose and only as long as it is needed. They must also be transparent about what personal data they are collecting, how they will use it, and why they need to retain it.\n6. Provide a mechanism for individuals to correct or delete their data: Companies should provide mechanisms for users to review, update, or delete their personal data. This includes providing clear and easy-to-understand instructions on how to exercise these rights.\n7. Be transparent about data sharing: Companies must be transparent about how they share personal data with third parties, including the categories of recipients, the purposes for which the data may be used, and the legal basis for such sharing.\n\nBy implementing the principles of the IAB's Transparency and Consent Framework, companies can help ensure that personal data is collected, used, and disclosed in a transparent and ethical manner, while also respecting users' rights and interests."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 81941173209, 'load_duration': 1127333, 'prompt_eval_count': 1181, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4174629000, 'eval_count': 550, 'eval_duration': 77622362000}