{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T10:05:22.034081743Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The IAB's Transparency and Consent Framework aims to provide individuals with more control over their personal data while ensuring that advertisers and online businesses can reach their target audiences effectively. The framework provides guidelines on how to collect, use, and disclose user information in the context of online advertising and digital marketing.\n\nHere are some key points about the IAB's Transparency and Consent Framework:\n\n1. Users have the right to control their personal data: The framework emphasizes users' right to make informed decisions about their personal data, including the information they provide and how it is used.\n2. Transparency is key: Online businesses must be transparent about how they collect, use, and disclose user information. This includes providing clear and concise privacy policies that users can read and understand.\n3. Consent is required: Users must consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of their personal data. Businesses cannot collect or use data without obtaining explicit consent from users.\n4. Data minimization: Online businesses must only collect and use the minimum amount of data necessary to achieve their advertising or marketing goals.\n5. Data protection: Online businesses must protect user information from unauthorized access, disclosure, or harm.\n6. User control over their data: Users have the right to request that online businesses delete their personal data, correct inaccuracies, or stop processing it entirely.\n7. Opt-out vs. opt-in: Businesses can use either an opt-out or an opt-in mechanism for collecting user information. An opt-out means that users can choose to have their information removed from the business's records at any time, while an opt-in mechanism requires users to explicitly agree to receive targeted advertising.\n8. Purpose limitation: Businesses must limit the purpose of collecting, using, and disclosing user data to those for which consent was obtained.\n9. Data retention: Businesses must retain only the personal data that is necessary for the stated purposes and not longer than is necessary.\n10. Privacy Shield: The IAB has partnered with the U.S.-based Privacy Shield program, which provides a framework for businesses to comply with international privacy laws when collecting and using user data from the European Union (EU) or other countries that have comparable data protection laws.\n\nOverall, the IAB's Transparency and Consent Framework is designed to ensure that both users and online businesses have greater control over their personal data while still allowing for effective targeted advertising and marketing efforts."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 101749029552, 'load_duration': 1505959, 'prompt_eval_count': 1971, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7698830000, 'eval_count': 571, 'eval_duration': 93900762000}