{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T11:04:18.637667117Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nMeta Products are safe and secure, alongside the interests of our users in more efficiently connecting with their contacts who use Facebook, Messenger and/or Instagram. Non-Users have the right to access, rectify, port, and erase their information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of their personal information (“ Data Subject Rights ”). This includes the right to object to our processing of their information where we are pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party. We will consider several factors when assessing an objection from a Non-User including: their reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to them, us, other users, and third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. The objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing their personal information, unless the processing is based on compelling legitimate grounds or is needed for legal reasons. We hope that we can satisfy any queries a Non-User may have about the way in which we process their personal information. However, if a Non-User has unresolved concerns they also have the right to complain to Meta Ireland Ltd.’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, under the GDPR or any other compentent data protection supervisory authority. For Meta Platforms, Inc., the UK Information Commissioner’s Office is the competent  supervisory authority. Click here if you have a question about the rights you may have.\nTransferring information as part of our global operations Non-Users’ information will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in, the United States or other third countries outside of where they live for the purposes described in this Data Notice. Meta uses Meta’s global infrastructure and data centers, including in the United States.\nWhen Non-Users’ information controlled by Meta Platforms Ireland, Ltd. is transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed outside the European Economic Area, Meta Ireland Ltd. relies on appropriate mechanisms for international transfers. For example: We rely on decisions from the European Commission by which they recognise that certain countries and territories outside of the European Economic Area ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data. These decisions are referred to as “adequacy decisions.” We transfer Non-Users’ information from the European Economic Area to Argentina, Israel, New Zealand, Switzerland, and, where the decision is applicable, Canada in reliance on an adequacy decision. In other circumstances, we rely on standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or on derogations provided for under applicable law to transfer information to a third country. For example, we rely on standard contractual clauses when transferring data to Meta Platforms, Inc. In addition to the standard contractual clauses, we also apply supplemental measures to ensure equivalent protection of your data when transferred.\nWhen Non-users’ information controlled by Meta Platforms, Inc. is transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed outside the UK, Meta Platforms, Inc. relies on appropriate mechanisms for international data transfers. For example: We rely on relevant “ adequacy regulations ” from the UK Government by which they recognise that certain countries and territories outside of the UK ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data. In other circumstances, we use the UK standard contractual transfer mechanisms approved by the UK Parliament (the International Data Transfer Agreement and, the International Data Transfer Addendum) or rely on derogations provided for under applicable law to transfer information to a third country. In addition to the UK standard contractual transfer mechanisms, we also apply supplemental measures to ensure equivalent protection of your data when transferred.\nIf you have questions about Meta’s data transfers and the standard contractual clauses or transfer mechanisms, you can contact us . Contact us If you have questions about this notice, you can write to us at the following address:\nFor Meta Platforms Ireland Limited FAO: Privacy operations Serpentine Avenue Dublin D04 N9T7\nIf you wish to contact the Data Protection Officer, please email dpo@meta.com.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 137819405409, 'load_duration': 1029222, 'prompt_eval_count': 1154, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4168109000, 'eval_count': 905, 'eval_duration': 133511221000}