{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T12:24:23.306197007Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nThe Pinterest Terms of Service outline the rules and regulations for using the service, including user conduct, content ownership, data security, and disputes resolution procedures. The document covers topics such as intellectual property rights, third-party links, termination, indemnity, disclaimers, limitation of liability, arbitration, governing law and jurisdiction, and general terms.\n\n1. The Service:\nThe Pinterest Terms of Service applies to all users of the service, including those who create an account on the platform. The document outlines the rules and regulations for using the service, including user conduct, content ownership, data security, and disputes resolution procedures.\n2. Using Pinterest:\nPinterest prohibits users from creating accounts under fictitious names or pretending to be someone else. Users are also not allowed to use offensive language, discriminate against others based on their race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, age, or disability, or create content that is hateful, threatening, vulgar, obscene, harassing, defamatory, invasive of privacy, tortious, obscene, pornographic, or otherwise inappropriate.\n3. Your User Content:\nPinterest allows users to upload and share content on the platform. Users are responsible for ensuring that their user content does not violate any laws, including intellectual property rights, defamation, invasion of privacy, obscenity, pornography, or other inappropriate conduct. Pinterest reserves the right to remove content that it deems as violating these rules.\n4. Intellectual Property:\nPinterest is owned by the parent company of Google LLC and its affiliates. Users are allowed to use their user content only for personal, non-commercial purposes. Users are not allowed to use Pinterest's trademarks or copyrighted material without permission from Pinterest.\n5. Security:\nPinterest takes data security seriously and has implemented various measures to protect users' information. Pinterest requires all passwords to have at least six characters and contain a mix of uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters. Additionally, Pinterest uses two-factor authentication to provide an extra layer of security for users.\n6. Third-Party Links, Sites, and Services:\nPinterest may provide links to third-party sites or services on its platform. However, Pinterest does not guarantee the quality, accuracy, or content of these links or services, and users should use caution when clicking on them.\n7. Termination:\nPinterest reserves the right to terminate any user's account at any time for violating the terms and conditions of service. Additionally, Pinterest may suspend or terminate any user's account if it deems that the user has engaged in any prohibited behavior.\n8. Indemnity:\nPinterest assumes no liability for any content created by users on its platform. Users are responsible for ensuring that their content does not violate any laws, including intellectual property rights, defamation, invasion of privacy, obscenity, pornography, or other inappropriate conduct. Pinterest reserves the right to remove content that it deems as violating these rules.\n9. Disclaimers:\nPinterest provides no guarantees or representations regarding the accuracy, completeness, relevance, timeliness, performance, security, reliability, or suitability of any content found on its platform. Additionally, Pinterest does not assume any liability for any losses or damages incurred by users as a result of their use of the service.\n10. Limitation of Liability:\nPinterest is not responsible for any indirect, punitive, incidental, or consequential damages that may arise from using its platform. Pinterest is also not responsible for any information or content found on its platform.\n11. Arbitration:\nAny disputes arising from the use of Pinterest's platform will be resolved through binding arbitration in accordance with the rules and procedures set forth in the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC). The arbitrator will make a final decision in favor of one party, or may declare the dispute to be unresolved.\n12. Governing Law and Jurisdiction:\nThese terms are governed by and construed under the laws of the United States of America. Any disputes arising from the use of Pinterest's platform will be resolved in accordance with the laws of the state of California.\n13. General Terms:\nThese terms constitute the entire agreement between users and Pinterest regarding their use of its platform. These terms supersede any prior agreements, understandings, or communications between the parties. Any waiver of a breach of these terms must be in writing and signed by an authorized representative of both parties."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 185074303490, 'load_duration': 1178604, 'prompt_eval_count': 1785, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6708917000, 'eval_count': 1077, 'eval_duration': 178254576000}