{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T12:28:06.687160401Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The Ultimate Guide to Discord's Wellness Program - Discord\nDiscord's wellness program is designed to provide employees with the resources they need to maintain a healthy work-life balance and support their overall well-being. Here are some of the key aspects of Discord's wellness program: Gender-Affirming Care Many medical insurance providers consider much of the treatment vital to one’s gender transition as cosmetic. We don’t. Use up to $20,000 for transition-related procedures. Wellness on us Take advantage of a quarterly stipend for your gym membership or other activities to keep you feeling great. Plus virtual yoga every week! Giving back Whatever social cause you’re passionate about, take a day (or two) off to make an impact. While you're at it, take advantage of $1,000/year in donation matching to charitable organizations! If you're wanting to work with a motivated team on something that gives millions of users a space to find belonging, check out the four values of working at Discord on our blog . For all roles, we're hiring people to join us in our beautiful San Francisco office, and for select, indicated positions, we're currently open to having people join our team remotely in these states: Alabama - Alaska - Arizona - California - Colorado - Connecticut - District of Columbia - Florida - Georgia - Idaho - Illinois - Indiana - Iowa - Kansas - Kentucky - Louisiana - Maine - Maryland - Massachusetts - Michigan - Minnesota - Mississippi - Missouri - Montana - Nevada - New Hampshire - New Jersey - New Mexico - New York - North Carolina - Ohio - Oklahoma - Oregon - Pennsylvania - Rhode Island - South Carolina - Tennessee - Texas - Utah - Vermont - Virginia - Washington - Wisconsin Slide 4 of 12. English, USA български Čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English, USA Español Suomi Français هیندي حرف معلومات استخدام کاربر وجود و بروز شده در صفحه اصلی هیچ کاربر وجود ندارد. ممكن است با آن کاربر هم به طور خودکار به صفحه دیگری هدایت شود. Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back Does this page contains user specific information? Answer only with yes or no."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 93284228056, 'load_duration': 1417047, 'prompt_eval_count': 1109, 'prompt_eval_duration': 3949153000, 'eval_count': 626, 'eval_duration': 89191470000}