{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T12:30:39.087456659Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '  The text you provided is a set of strings extracted from the HTML file of a Discord server. It contains several elements related to the Discord platform, such as channel names, user names, and server settings. Here\'s a breakdown of each string:\n\n1. "Discord | #general | thesis server new ts new" - This line indicates that the Discord user has joined a new server called "thesis server," which is a general chat room for discussion and collaboration. The "#general" channel is the default channel for all users in this server, and the "new ts" part of the line suggests that the user is joining the server for the first time.\n2. "Please check your email to verify your account and keep your current username." - This message prompts the user to check their email to verify their account and keep their current username. It is likely that this message is displayed after the user has joined a new Discord server, as they need to confirm their email address to complete the process of joining the server.\n3. "Resend Email thesis server Channels New Unreads Events Text Channels general Voice Channels General New Unreads" - This line displays information about the channels in the "thesis server" Discord server, including the number of new unread messages and events. The "Text Channels" section lists the names of the text channels available in the server, while the "Voice Channels" section lists the names of the voice channels available in the server.\n4. "jane_._doe_.__63404 jane_._doe_.__63404 Online Upload to #general You can add comments before uploading." - This line displays a message from a user named "jane_._doe_.__63404" who is online and ready to receive messages. The "Online Upload" part of the line suggests that the user is able to send messages directly, without needing to hold shift.\n5. "Text Channel thesis server: general Search general chat Use the up and down arrow keys to navigate between messages quickly. New messages will be added to the bottom of the list as they come in." - This line provides instructions for navigating through the text channel of a Discord server called "thesis server." The user is encouraged to use the up and down arrow keys to navigate between messages quickly, and new messages will be added to the bottom of the list as they come in.\n6. "Welcome to thesis server This is your brand new, shiny server. Here are some steps to help you get started." - This line provides a welcome message for users who have joined the "thesis server" Discord server for the first time. The message suggests that there are several steps available to help users get started with the server and begin using it immediately.\n7. "For more, check out our Getting Started guide ." - This line suggests that there is a separate guide available on the Discord website for new users who want to learn more about how to use the server effectively. The guide can provide additional information and tips for users looking to get started with the server.\n8. "Invite your friends Personalize your server with an icon Send your first message Download the Discord App Add your first app Message #general \ufeff to select Want to get to the next Level?" - This line provides instructions for inviting other users to join the server and personalizing it with an icon. The user is encouraged to send their first message, download the Discord app, and add their first app. Additionally, the line suggests that if the user wants to reach the next level of server access, they should check out the Getting Started guide for more information.\n9. "The Boost Progress Bar shows members how many Boosts your server needs to reach the next Level." - This line explains that the Boost Progress Bar is a feature available in Discord servers that displays the number of Boosts needed to reach the next level of access. The user can toggle this feature on or off under Server Settings > Display.\n10. "Toggle it under Server Settings > Display . Got it Toggle On , , Reactions click to open image dialog TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Bulgarian Hindi Catalan Czech Hmong Polish Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Turkish Finnish Lithuanian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back" - This line provides instructions for translating the Discord website into multiple languages and copying the URL of a Discord server. The user can use this feature to enable collaborative features and customize the widget on their website.\n11. "Does this page contains user specific information? Answer only with yes or no." - This line provides a prompt for users to answer whether the current page they are viewing contains user-specific information or not.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 137837989511, 'load_duration': 1245125, 'prompt_eval_count': 410, 'prompt_eval_duration': 1290781000, 'eval_count': 1118, 'eval_duration': 136410387000}