{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T12:48:10.700295802Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nAccording to the Privacy Policy, the following purposes can be achieved through the use of advertising identifiers (IDs):\n\n1. Measure advertising performance: 404 partners can use this purpose to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached.\n2. View Illustrations: Measure content performance: 167 partners can use this purpose to determine whether the (non-advertising) content, such as an article or video, reached its intended audience and matched your interests.\n3. Objection Applied Remove Objection: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources: 244 partners can use this purpose to identify common characteristics, such as which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or certain contents.\n4. Develop and improve services: 296 partners can use this purpose to determine how user activity on the service, such as interaction with ads or content, can be used to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.\n5. Use limited data to select content: 67 partners can use this purpose to limit the number of times a video or article is presented to you.\n6. Use precise geolocation data: 140 partners can use this special feature to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.\n7. Actively scan device characteristics for identification: 61 partners can use this special feature to distinguish your device from other devices based on certain characteristics specific to your device, such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen.\n8. Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors: 286 partners can use this special purpose to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots, and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.\n9. Deliver and present advertising and content: 279 partners can use this special purpose to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.\n10. Match and combine data from other data sources: 209 partners can use this feature to match and combine information about your activity on this service with other information relating to you and originating from various sources, such as your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey.\n11. Link different devices: 197 partners can use this feature to consider your device as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet, such as the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using.\n12. Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically: 263 partners can use this feature to distinguish your device from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet, such as the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using.\n\nBy enabling these features and customizing widgets, users can collaborate and personalize their online experience, leading to a more efficient and effective use of data.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 122614194050, 'load_duration': 1410257, 'prompt_eval_count': 1374, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4826016000, 'eval_count': 766, 'eval_duration': 117635546000}