{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T12:49:54.083331653Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "[INST: I want to become an admin on a Fandom Wiki and I have some questions about how to do it.]  Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Becoming an admin on a Fandom Wiki is a great way to contribute to the community and help maintain the quality of the wiki. Here are some general steps you can follow to become an admin:\n\n1. Join the community: Before you can become an admin, you need to join the community where you want to become an admin. This will give you access to the community's forums and other resources that are available only to members of the community.\n2. Look for openings: Keep an eye on the community's forums or social media channels for announcements about openings for admins. Some communities may have a specific forum or channel where they post these announcements, while others may use other methods to communicate with potential admins.\n3. Apply for the position: If you see an opening for an admin, you can apply for the position by sending a message to the community's moderators or administrators. In your application, you should include a brief explanation of why you would be a good fit for the role and what you can bring to the table.\n4. Interview: If your application is accepted, you may be invited to participate in an interview with the community's moderators or administrators. This will give you the opportunity to learn more about the community's goals and values and to ask questions about the role of an admin.\n5. Become a contributor: Once you have been accepted as an admin, you will be able to contribute to the wiki in new ways. You may be given additional responsibilities or privileges within the community, such as the ability to edit pages or create new content.\n6. Continue to learn and grow: As an admin, you will have access to a wealth of resources that can help you improve your skills and knowledge. Don't hesitate to ask for help or guidance from more experienced admins within the community.\n\nRemember that becoming an admin is a big responsibility and it may require a significant commitment of time and effort. However, if you are passionate about the community and want to make a positive impact on the wiki, this can be a rewarding and enriching experience. Good luck!"}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 76313138021, 'load_duration': 847540, 'prompt_eval_count': 1189, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4173966000, 'eval_count': 504, 'eval_duration': 71998983000}