{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T13:28:33.060486263Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe purpose of the "Always Active" feature in the IAB Vendors list is to provide a way for publishers and advertisers to collect and use data about their users, such as their interests, behavior, and device characteristics. This feature allows companies to create more personalized experiences for their users, improve their products and services, and better target their advertising campaigns.\n\nThe "Always Active" feature is available in the following categories:\n\n1. Content delivery: This category includes features that allow publishers to deliver more relevant content to their users based on their interests and behavior. Examples include personalized recommendations, adaptive advertising, and dynamic ad insertion.\n2. User profiling: This category includes features that allow companies to create detailed profiles of their users, including their interests, behavior, and device characteristics. These profiles can be used to deliver more targeted content and advertising campaigns.\n3. Data collection and analysis: This category includes features that allow companies to collect and analyze data about their users\' interactions with their services, such as the pages they visit, the ads they see, and the actions they take. This data can be used to improve products and services, deliver more relevant content and advertising, and better target campaigns.\n4. Advertising and content measurement: This category includes features that allow companies to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and content performance. Examples include measuring the number of ad impressions, click-through rates, and conversion rates.\n5. Services development: This category includes features that allow companies to develop new products and services based on user interactions, such as creating customized recommendations or adaptive advertising.\n6. Measurement: This category includes features that allow companies to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and content performance. Examples include measuring the number of ad impressions, click-through rates, and conversion rates.\n7. Security, fraud detection, and error correction: This category includes features that allow companies to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity on their services, as well as correct any problems they may encounter in the delivery of content and ads. Examples include anti-fraud measures, error correction, and system security.\n\nOverall, the "Always Active" feature allows companies to collect and use data about their users\' interests, behavior, and device characteristics to create more personalized experiences, improve their products and services, and better target their advertising campaigns.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 86467697781, 'load_duration': 1220174, 'prompt_eval_count': 1464, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5244736000, 'eval_count': 531, 'eval_duration': 81077095000}