{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T13:37:54.758123702Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nThe list of IAB vendors and their purposes is as follows:\n\n1. Garantir a segurança, evitar e detectar a fraude: These vendors can use this purpose to ensure the safety, prevent fraud, and detect any suspicious activity on behalf of users, editors, or advertisers. They may use various methods such as IP address blocking, user agent analysis, and behavioral tracking to achieve these goals.\n2. Corrigir erros: These vendors can use this purpose to correct any errors that the user, editor, or advertiser may encounter in the context of content delivery and advertising. They may use data from various sources to identify and fix issues such as broken links, missing content, or poorly optimized ads.\n3. Disponibilizar e apresentar publicidade e conteúdos: These vendors can use this purpose to make available and display ads and content that users are likely to be interested in based on their browsing history, search queries, and other factors. They may use cookies and device fingerprinting techniques to identify the user's preferences and deliver targeted advertising.\n4. Fazer corresponder e combinar dados de outras fontes: These vendors can use this purpose to match and combine data from various sources related to the user, such as their browsing history, search queries, and other online activities. They may use these data to support the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, such as personalizing the advertising experience or improving the overall user experience.\n5. Ligar dispositivos diferentes: These vendors can use this purpose to identify and link devices belonging to the same user across different platforms and devices. This can be useful for providing a seamless user experience and for targeting advertising at specific users based on their device usage patterns.\n6. Identificar dispositivos com base em informações transmitidas automaticamente: These vendors can use this purpose to identify devices based on the information they send automatically when accessing the internet, such as IP address or browser type. This can be useful for providing a more personalized advertising experience and for identifying devices that are likely to be used by the user in the future.\n7. Back Button: These vendors can use this purpose to track the user's navigation history and provide a more seamless browsing experience. They may also use this information to target advertising at users who are likely to be interested in certain topics or products based on their past browsing behavior."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 76684241522, 'load_duration': 1669700, 'prompt_eval_count': 1060, 'prompt_eval_duration': 3752703000, 'eval_count': 537, 'eval_duration': 72802200000}