{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T14:51:45.251254559Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "  Microsoft account | Devices To use everything on this website, turn on JavaScript in your browser settings. Learn how To use everything on this website, turn on cookies in your browser settings. Read why and how we use cookies. Learn how We use optional cookies to improve your experience on our websites, such as through social media connections, and to display personalized advertising based on your online activity. If you reject optional cookies, only cookies necessary to provide you the services will be used. You may change your selection by clicking “Manage Cookies” at the bottom of the page. Privacy Statement Third-Party Cookies Accept Reject Manage cookies Skip to main content Microsoft account Jane Doe JD Sign in JD Jane Doe authorization.thesis@gmail.com authorization.thesis@gmail.com \ue80f Account \ue77b Your info Services & subscriptions \ue7f4 Devices \uea18 Security \ue72e Privacy \ue7bf Order history \ue8c7 Payment options \uecaf Address book Devices We don’t see any devices Add your Surface, Xbox, or related accessory to see its warranty status and create service orders. Register device Microsoft Store device management Review which devices you've downloaded apps and games to. Manage Cloud synced settings Windows devices may back up your app list and some settings in the cloud for easy syncing across devices. Clear stored settings Get help when you need it Start a service order online or book at appointment at the closest Microsoft Store Start order English (United States) Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Consumer Health Privacy Privacy & cookies Terms of use Contact us Feedback Manage cookies © Microsoft 2024 Feedback TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Polish Bulgarian Hindi Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesia Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Turkish Finland Lithuanian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back Does this page contains user specific information? Answer only with yes or no."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 63394966348, 'load_duration': 1048223, 'prompt_eval_count': 540, 'prompt_eval_duration': 2119727000, 'eval_count': 534, 'eval_duration': 61144271000}