{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T15:01:42.43953505Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'F1 has experienced a surge in investment and valuation, with several teams changing hands and new investors taking stakes. In 2020, American firm Dorilton Capital paid about $180 million for Williams; Lawrence Stroll, a Canadian billionaire, paid $117 million in 2018 for Force India, which is now Aston Martin; and in June, a group of firms, including one involving the actor Ryan Reynolds, bought a 24 percent stake in the Renault-owned Alpine. The investors are paying about $218 million for their stake, which valued the team at about $900 million. “I think Liberty has taken it to a place where before we didn’t know it was possible to go with the sport,” said Guenther Steiner, team principal of Haas. “Liberty had a vision when they bought F1, what to do, and they did it.” Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT “I don’t want to give it a valuation in dollars,” Steiner said about his team. “But obviously it is worth more than half a billion dollars anyway, as you cannot get a team” for under that.\nFormula 1: On and Off the Track Still a Thrill : Monaco’s narrow track hinders overtaking , but, oh boy, do those tight roads make qualifying hair-raising. A Bumpy Road: Mercedes has spent months trying to determine what is wrong with its underperforming car. The search continues. Looking for a Seat : Carlos Sainz will be out in 2025 at Ferrari when Lewis Hamilton moves over from Mercedes. Return on Investment: Ferrari fans were not happy at first with Frédéric Vasseur , the Frenchman running the Italian team, but things have changed. More on Formula 1: Stories about drivers, teams and issues . “Every time somebody sells something, like Alpine, the price goes up because there is less inventory,” he said. Liberty Media has been working to modernize the sport, and it’s been paying off, helped by the Netflix series “Drive to Survive,” which has been bringing new fans to Formula 1. Liberty added races and attracted a younger and more diverse audience than ever before. And fresh investment. “It’s not a question of whether it continues to grow,” Slack said. “It’s how fast.” See more on: Formula One Share full article Read in app Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Discover The Times. 7 days free, then original price: €3 sale price: €0.50/week. Limited time offer Enjoy 7 days free, then original price: €3 sale price: €0.50/week. Learn more Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2024 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Accessibility Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Canada International Help Subscriptions Manage Privacy Preferences TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Bulgarian Hindi Polish Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 136839762152, 'load_duration': 1327156, 'prompt_eval_count': 1537, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5619707000, 'eval_count': 816, 'eval_duration': 131104899000}