{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T15:16:17.169929717Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The IAB's list of purposes for using limited data to select advertising includes:\n\n1. Use limited data to select advertising - 34 partners can use this purpose. This includes information about the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, and which content you have been interacting with (such as forms you have submitted or content you have viewed).\n2. Use profiles to select personalised advertising - 31 partners can use this purpose. This includes information about your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on the service or other websites or apps that you have visited (for example, the forms you submit or the content you look at). Your profile can be used to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests.\n3. Create profiles for personalised advertising - 33 partners can use this purpose. This includes information about your activity on the service, which can reflect your interaction with ads or content (for example, forms you have submitted or content you have viewed). This information can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on the service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.\n4. Measure advertising performance - 36 partners can use this purpose. This includes information about which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it. Information regarding whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc., can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the type of audience is appropriate.\n5. Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors - 43 partners can use this purpose. This includes monitoring for and preventing unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely, and correcting any problems you, the publisher, or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.\n6. Deliver and present advertising and content - 34 partners can use this purpose. This includes certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) that is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.\n7. Match and combine data from other data sources - 29 partners can use this purpose. This includes information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance, your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey).\n8. Link different devices - 28 partners can use this purpose. This includes information about your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).\n9. Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically - 33 partners can use this purpose. This includes information about your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.\n10. Strictly Necessary Cookies - Always Active. These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 145891747116, 'load_duration': 1248206, 'prompt_eval_count': 1635, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6170981000, 'eval_count': 861, 'eval_duration': 139576352000}