{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T15:18:25.421023826Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nAccording to the IAB's Vendor List, the following are the purposes for which the information may be used:\n\n1. Use limited data to select advertising - 34 vendors can use this purpose. This refers to the use of limited data from a user's device or website to deliver targeted advertising to them.\n2. Use profiles to select personalized advertising - 31 vendors can use this purpose. This refers to the use of profiles created from a user's activity on a website or app to deliver targeted advertising to them.\n3. Create profiles for personalized advertising - 33 vendors can use this purpose. This refers to the creation of profiles based on a user's activity on a website or app, which can then be used to deliver targeted advertising.\n4. Use profiles to select personalized content - 8 vendors can use this purpose. This refers to the use of profiles created from a user's activity on a website or app to deliver targeted content to them.\n5. Create profiles to personalize content - 11 vendors can use this purpose. This refers to the creation of profiles based on a user's activity on a website or app, which can then be used to deliver targeted content.\n6. Measure advertising performance - 36 vendors can use this purpose. This refers to the measurement of the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, including tracking ad impressions, clicks, conversions, and other metrics.\n7. Measure content performance - 15 vendors can use this purpose. This refers to the measurement of the effectiveness of non-advertising content, such as articles, videos, podcasts, or product descriptions, including tracking readership, watchtime, listening time, and other metrics.\n8. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources - 22 vendors can use this purpose. This refers to the analysis of user behavior and demographic information to gain insights into user preferences, interests, and behaviors.\n9. Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors - 43 vendors can use this purpose. This refers to the use of data to monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity, correct errors in systems and processes, and improve overall security and privacy measures.\n10. Deliver and present advertising and content - 34 vendors can use this purpose. This refers to the delivery and presentation of targeted advertising and content to users based on their behavior and preferences.\n11. Match and combine data from other data sources - 29 vendors can use this purpose. This refers to the matching and combination of user data with data from other sources, such as social media profiles, search histories, or loyalty programs.\n12. Link different devices - 28 vendors can use this purpose. This refers to the linking of users across multiple devices based on information automatically transmitted over the Internet, such as IP addresses or device capabilities.\n13. Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically - 33 vendors can use this purpose. This refers to the identification of devices based on information they automatically send when accessing the Internet, such as the type of browser or operating system used.\n\nIt is important to note that these purposes are not exhaustive and may change over time. It is also important to remember that you have the right to control your personal data and to adjust your privacy settings at any time."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 128248624882, 'load_duration': 1180732, 'prompt_eval_count': 1634, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6173678000, 'eval_count': 752, 'eval_duration': 121924716000}