{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T16:54:31.403424121Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe following is a list of cookies used on the website:\n\n1. Strictly Necessary Cookies - These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.\n2. Performance Cookies - These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.\n3. Functional Cookies - These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.\n4. Social Media Cookies - These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.\n5. Targeting Cookies - These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.\n6. Back Button Cookie List - This cookie is used to remember the pages that you have visited on our site so that you can use the back button to return to them easily.\n7. Search Icon - This icon allows you to search for specific keywords or phrases on our website, and helps you find what you are looking for more quickly.\n8. Filter Icon - This icon allows you to filter the content of our website based on different criteria such as date, author, category, etc.\n9. Clear checkbox label - This checkbox allows you to clear all cookies at once, which will remove all cookies from your browser.\n10. Confirm My Choices - This checkbox allows you to confirm that you understand the purpose of the cookies we use and that you have made a choice to accept or reject them.\n\nNote: If you do not allow any of these cookies, some or all of our services may not function properly.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 108321346520, 'load_duration': 1074483, 'prompt_eval_count': 1959, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7701257000, 'eval_count': 606, 'eval_duration': 100475760000}