{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T17:01:20.311771913Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nThe website Macy's uses cookies to collect information about your preferences and device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer. To opt out of the sale or share of your offline data, please visit the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in the footer of our website. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personal information. Functional Cookies Always Active These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Always Active These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Third-Party Cookies Third-Party Cookies Opt In If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin or GPC), we must take that as a valid request to opt-out. Please see our privacy notice via the link in the footer for more information about how we use your data or to contact us for further clarification about your rights as a consumer. Third-Party Retargeting Switch Label Opt In These cookies are used to deliver targeted advertisements to users by tracking their browsing behavior. They are typically placed by advertising networks or third-party advertisers. You may exercise your right to opt-out of retargeting cookies by using this toggle switch. If you opt-out, we will not be able to offer you personalized ads. Back Button Cookie List Filter Button Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel My Choices Does this page contains user specific information? Answer only with yes or no."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 107971199816, 'load_duration': 1161214, 'prompt_eval_count': 1813, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6940529000, 'eval_count': 612, 'eval_duration': 100880813000}