{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T17:03:17.683937852Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "  * Use of cookies: Macy's website uses cookies to collect information about your browsing preferences, such as the pages you visit and the products you view. You can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer. To opt out of the sale or share of your offline data, please visit the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in the footer of our website.\n* Use of Google Analytics: Macy's website uses Google Analytics to track the number of visitors and traffic sources. This helps us understand how you move around our site and make improvements to your experience. We do not use this information to collect or share personal information about you.\n* Third-party cookies: We may use third-party services such as Facebook, Twitter and Google to help deliver targeted advertising and improve the performance of our website. These services may set cookies on your device, which we cannot control. You can exercise your right to opt-out of these cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser or using a privacy-focused browser.\n* Third-party retargeting: We may use third-party retargeting services to deliver targeted advertising to users based on their browsing behavior. These services may set cookies on your device, which we cannot control. You can exercise your right to opt-out of these cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser or using a privacy-focused browser. If you opt-out, we will not be able to offer you personalized ads.\n* Personalization: We use your email address to deliver targeted advertising and promotions. You can exercise your right to opt-out of these communications by adjusting the settings on your browser or using a privacy-focused browser.\n* Marketing: We may send you marketing emails about products or services that we think you might be interested in, based on your browsing history and other data points. You can exercise your right to opt-out of these communications by adjusting the settings on your browser or using a privacy-focused browser.\n* Payment processing: We use payment processors such as Stripe to securely process payments for our website. These services may set cookies on your device, which we cannot control. You can exercise your right to opt-out of these cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser or using a privacy-focused browser.\n* Performance: We use performance cookies to improve the performance of our website and tailor it to your preferences. These cookies do not store any personal information about you, but they can be used to track your browsing behavior over time. You can exercise your right to opt-out of these cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser or using a privacy-focused browser.\n* Security: We use security measures such as SSL/TLS encryption to protect your personal information when you enter it into our website's forms. These measures are designed to prevent unauthorized access, even if someone were to intercept your data."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 117369751230, 'load_duration': 1163654, 'prompt_eval_count': 1999, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7822978000, 'eval_count': 662, 'eval_duration': 109402358000}