{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T17:15:23.793287307Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\n70% Off Furniture & Mattress Closeouts Sale & Clearance Discover Custom Furniture Room Planner Bernhardt Entryway Kids and Baby Room Lawn & Garden Lighting & Lamps Small Space Furniture TOY BY AGE All Toys 0-12 Months 12-24 Months 2 Years 3-4 Years 5-7 Years 8-10 Years 11 & Up TOYS BY PRICE Toys $10 & Under Toys $25 & Under Toys $50 & Under Toys $100 & Under TOY BRANDS LEGO Barbie Melissa & Doug Disney Pokémon Tonies PAW Patrol Hot Wheels Fisher Price Super Mario TOY TYPES TOYS BY TYPE All Toys Action Figures Animals Arts Cars Comic Books Dolls Electronics Fashion Games Hobbies Kitchen & Household Musical Instruments Puzzles Science Technology Sports Toys Vehicles Vintage Wear & Accessories TOY BY TYPE ACTION FIGURES Action figures are plastic models of characters from movies, TV shows, and books. They are designed to be used for play, and can be found in a variety of sizes, including 6 inches tall and 12 inches tall. The most popular action figures come from Marvel Comics, Disney, and Star Wars. ARTICLES Action figures have become a popular collectible item over the past few years. They are often displayed on shelves or hung on walls, and can be traded with other fans of the same brand. They can also be used as decorations for their unique shapes and designs. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO CLEAN Action figures are made of a variety of materials, including plastic, metal, and glass. These materials can stain easily, so it is important to clean your action figures after each use to keep them looking new. One way to do this is to wash them with soap and water. Another way is to use a soft brush to remove dirt or oils from the surface of the figure. It is also important to dry your action figures thoroughly before storing them, as this will help prevent them from getting damaged by moisture. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO DISPLAY Action figures can be displayed in a variety of ways, depending on the size and style of the figure. Some fans prefer to display their action figures in a group, while others prefer to display them individually. It is important to make sure that your action figures are displayed in a way that is safe for both you and the figure itself. Some common rules of etiquette include never placing an action figure on top of another figure, as this can cause damage to the plastic or metal structure. Another rule of etiquette is to never place an action figure on a surface that is too hard or rough, as this can cause it to break or chip. It is also important to keep your action figures out of reach of children and pets, as they may accidentally knock them over or cause damage by chewing on them. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO CONSERVE Action figures are delicate objects that can be easily damaged if not handled properly. One way to conserve your action figures is to keep them in a clean and dry environment, away from moisture and heat. This will help prevent damage to the figure's surface or structure. Another way to conserve your action figures is to avoid exposing them to direct sunlight, as this can cause the colors to fade or the plastic to become brittle. It is also important to store your action figures in a protective case or bag when not in use, as this will help prevent damage from dust and other particles that may be present in the air. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO SELL Action figures can be sold to other fans of the same brand, or they can be traded for other action figures or collectible items. It is important to make sure that you are selling your action figures at a fair price, as some people may try to buy them cheaply in order to resell them for profit. It is also important to be honest when listing the condition of your action figures, as this will help build trust with potential buyers and avoid any misunderstandings. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO COLLECT Action figures are a popular collectible item, and there are many different ways to collect them. Some fans prefer to collect by brand, while others prefer to collect by theme or character. It is important to make sure that you are collecting your action figures in a responsible way, as this will help ensure that they remain valuable over time. Another way to collect action figures is to use a guidebook or encyclopedia to learn more about the characters and stories behind them. It is also important to keep track of the condition of your action figures and document any damage or wear and tear. This will help you avoid selling your action figures at an unfair price and ensure that they remain valuable over time. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO DONATE Action figures can be donated to charities or non-profit organizations, such as those that help people in need. It is important to make sure that you are donating your action figures to reputable organizations, as some may take advantage of the situation and use them for profit. It is also important to check with the organization first to ensure that they will accept the type of action figures you have to donate. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO DISPOSE OF Action figures can be disposed of properly by following the guidelines set forth by the manufacturer or retailer, or by taking them to a local waste management facility. It is important to make sure that you are disposing of your action figures in a responsible way, as this will help prevent any damage to the environment or health of people who come into contact with the figures. Some action figures may contain small parts or materials that can be harmful if not disposed of properly, so it is important to follow the guidelines set forth by the manufacturer or retailer to ensure their safe disposal. Another way to dispose of your action figures is to donate them to a local charity or non-profit organization. This will help you get rid of your action figures in an environmentally friendly and socially responsible manner, and can also help support a good cause. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO REPAIR Action figures can be repaired by taking them to a professional repair shop or using a DIY kit. It is important to make sure that you are repairing your action figures in a responsible way, as this will help ensure that they remain valuable over time. Some action figures may have small parts that need to be replaced, while others may require more extensive repairs. It is important to research the specific type of damage or wear and tear before attempting any repairs, as some methods may not work for certain types of action figures. Another way to repair your action figures is to use a DIY kit that can help you fix small parts or replace worn-out elements. This will help you get the job done yourself in an affordable and efficient manner, without needing to take your action figures to a professional repair shop. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO MAINTENANCE Action figures are delicate objects that can be easily damaged if not handled properly. It is important to make sure that you are taking good care of your action figures by regularly cleaning and storing them in a protective case or bag when not in use. This will help prevent damage to the figure's surface or structure, as well as keep it looking new over time. Another way to maintain your action figures is to avoid exposing them to direct sunlight or extreme temperatures, as this can cause the colors to fade or the plastic to become brittle. It is also important to keep your action figures away from moisture and heat, as this can damage the structure of the figure. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO REFURBISH Action figures can be refurbished by taking them to a professional repair shop or using a DIY kit. It is important to make sure that you are refurbishing your action figures in a responsible way, as this will help ensure that they remain valuable over time. Some action figures may have small parts that need to be replaced, while others may require more extensive repairs. It is important to research the specific type of damage or wear and tear before attempting any repairs, as some methods may not work for certain types of action figures. Another way to refurbish your action figures is to use a DIY kit that can help you fix small parts or replace worn-out elements. This will help you get the job done yourself in an affordable and efficient manner, without needing to take your action figures to a professional repair shop. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO PAINT Action figures can be painted by using acrylic paint, spray paint, or other specialized techniques. It is important to make sure that you are painting your action figures in a responsible way, as this will help ensure that they remain valuable over time. Some action figures may have specific requirements for the type of paint used, such as requiring a clear coat or a glossy finish. It is also important to use only safe and appropriate materials, as some paints can damage the surface or structure of the figure. Another way to paint your action figures is by using a custom painted version of the figure that has already been produced. This will help you get the job done yourself in an affordable and efficient manner, without needing to take your action figures to a professional painter. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO COLLECTIONING Action figures are a popular collectible item, and there are many different ways to collect them. Some fans prefer to collect by brand, while others prefer to collect by theme or character. It is important to make sure that you are collecting your action figures in a responsible way, as this will help ensure that they remain valuable over time. Another way to collect action figures is to use a guidebook or encyclopedia to learn more about the characters and stories behind them. It is also important to keep track of the condition of your action figures and document any damage or wear and tear. This will help you keep your collection in good shape and ensure that it remains valuable over time. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO MAINTENANCE Action figures are delicate objects that can be easily damaged if not handled properly. It is important to make sure that you are taking good care of your action figures by regularly cleaning and storing them in a protective case or bag when not in use. This will help prevent damage to the figure's surface or structure, as well as keep it looking new over time. Another way to maintain your action figures is to avoid exposing them to direct sunlight or extreme temperatures, as this can cause the colors to fade or the plastic to become brittle. It is also important to keep your action figures away from moisture and heat, as this can damage the structure of the figure. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO REFURBISH Action figures can be refurbished by taking them to a professional repair shop or using a DIY kit. It is important to make sure that you are refurbishing your action figures in a responsible way, as this will help ensure that they remain valuable over time. Some action figures may have small parts that need to be replaced, while others may require more extensive repairs. It is important to research the specific type of damage or wear and tear before attempting any repairs, as some methods may not work for certain types of action figures. Another way to refurbish your action figures is to use a DIY kit that can help you fix small parts or replace worn-out elements. This will help you get the job done yourself in an affordable and efficient manner, without needing to take your action figures to a professional repair shop. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO PAINT Action figures can be painted by using acrylic paint, spray paint, or other specialized techniques. It is important to make sure that you are painting your action figures in a responsible way, as this will help ensure that they remain valuable over time. Some action figures may have specific requirements for the type of paint used, such as requiring a clear coat or a glossy finish. It is also important to use only safe and appropriate materials, as some paints can damage the surface or structure of the figure. Another way to paint your action figures is by using a custom painted version of the figure that has already been produced. This will help you get the job done yourself in an affordable and efficient manner, without needing to take your action figures to a professional painter. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO COLLECTIONING Action figures are a popular collectible item, and there are many different ways to collect them. Some fans prefer to collect by brand, while others prefer to collect by theme or character. It is important to make sure that you are collecting your action figures in a responsible way, as this will help ensure that they remain valuable over time. Another way to collect action figures is to use a guidebook or encyclopedia to learn more about the characters and stories behind them. It is also important to keep track of the condition of your action figures and document any damage or wear and tear. This will help you keep your collection in good shape and ensure that it remains valuable over time. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO MAINTENANCE Action figures are delicate objects that can be easily damaged if not handled properly. It is important to make sure that you are taking good care of your action figures by regularly cleaning and storing them in a protective case or bag when not in use. This will help prevent damage to the figure's surface or structure, as well as keep it looking new over time. Another way to maintain your action figures is to avoid exposing them to direct sunlight or extreme temperatures, as this can cause the colors to fade or the plastic to become brittle. It is also important to keep your action figures away from moisture and heat, as this can damage the structure of the figure. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO REFURBISH Action figures can be refurbished by taking them to a professional repair shop or using a DIY kit. It is important to make sure that you are refurbishing your action figures in a responsible way, as this will help ensure that they remain valuable over time. Some action figures may have small parts that need to be replaced, while others may require more extensive repairs. It is important to research the specific type of damage or wear and tear before attempting any repairs, as some methods may not work for certain types of action figures. Another way to refurbish your action figures is to use a DIY kit that can help you fix small parts or replace worn-out elements. This will help you get the job done yourself in an affordable and efficient manner, without needing to take your action figures to a professional repair shop. ACTION FIGURES: HOW TO PAINT Action figures can be painted by using acrylic paint, spray paint, or other specialized techniques. It is important to make sure that you are painting your action figures in a responsible way, as this will help ensure that they remain valuable over time. Some action figures may have specific requirements for the type of paint used, such as requiring a clear coat or a glossy finish. It is also important to use only safe and appropriate materials, as some paints can damage the surface or structure of the figure. Another way to paint your action figures is by using a custom-painted version of the figure that has already been produced. This will help you get the job done yourself in an affordable and efficient manner, without needing to take your action figures to a professional painter."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 547098191967, 'load_duration': 1212625, 'prompt_eval_count': 1878, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7153820000, 'eval_count': 3414, 'eval_duration': 539800870000}