{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T17:43:24.864387072Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'The purpose of the privacy notice for H&M Group is to inform users about how their personal data will be processed, stored, and used by the company. The notice explains that H&M Group wants to give users a special treat on their birthday and asks them to confirm their consent for this offer. Users are also informed that their personal data will be processed in accordance with the Privacy Notice and that they can withdraw their consent at any time. Additionally, users are reminded that by clicking "Become a member," they agree to the H&M Membership Terms and conditions. The notice informs users that by accepting all cookies, they agree to share this information with third parties, such as advertising partners. This may in some cases mean their data will be processed outside the EU/EEA. Cookies are stored only for as long as needed to fulfill their purpose. If users prefer, they can choose which cookie categories to accept or not. Users are also given the option to customize their settings and block certain types of cookies if they wish. The notice states that blocking some types of cookies may impact how H&M Group delivers and improves its services to users.\nThe purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you about how your personal data will be processed, stored, and used by H&M Group. As a member of the H&M Group, you can receive exclusive promotions, style updates, and special invites to sales and events. Additionally, you will get information on the latest membership rewards and events – straight to your inbox! By clicking \'Become a member,\' you agree to the H&M Membership Terms and conditions.\nBy accepting all cookies, you consent to H&M Group sharing this information with third parties, such as our advertising partners. This may mean your data will be processed outside the EU/EEA. Cookies are stored only for as long as needed to fulfill their purpose. If you prefer, you can choose which cookie categories to accept or not. Please keep in mind that blocking some types of cookies may impact how we can deliver and improve our services to you. When you\'re ready, click on \'Confirm my choices\' and remember, you can always change your mind later.\nThe purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you about how your personal data will be processed, stored, and used by H&M Group. The notice explains that H&M Group wants to give you a special treat on your birthday and asks you to confirm your consent for this offer. Users are also informed that their personal data will be processed in accordance with the Privacy Notice and that they can withdraw their consent at any time. Additionally, users are reminded that by clicking "Become a member," they agree to the H&M Membership Terms and conditions.\nBy accepting all cookies, you consent to H&M Group sharing this information with third parties, such as our advertising partners. This may mean your data will be processed outside the EU/EEA. Cookies are stored only for as long as needed to fulfill their purpose. If you prefer, you can choose which cookie categories to accept or not. Please keep in mind that blocking some types of cookies may impact how we can deliver and improve our services to you. When you\'re ready, click on \'Confirm my choices\' and remember, you can always change your mind later.\nThe purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you about how your personal data will be processed, stored, and used by H&M Group. The notice explains that H&M Group wants to give you a special treat on your birthday and asks you to confirm your consent for this offer. Users are also informed that their personal data will be processed in accordance with the Privacy Notice and that they can withdraw their consent at any time. Additionally, users are reminded that by clicking "Become a member," they agree to the H&M Membership Terms and conditions.\nBy accepting all cookies, you consent to H&M Group sharing this information with third parties, such as our advertising partners. This may mean your data will be processed outside the EU/EEA. Cookies are stored only for as long as needed to fulfill their purpose. If you prefer, you can choose which cookie categories to accept or not. Please keep in mind that blocking some types of cookies may impact how we can deliver and improve our services to you. When you\'re ready, click on \'Confirm my choices\' and remember, you can always change your mind later.\nThe purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you about how your personal data will be processed, stored, and used by H&M Group. The notice explains that H&M Group wants to give you a special treat on your birthday and asks you to confirm your consent for this offer. Users are also informed that their personal data will be processed in accordance with the Privacy Notice and that they can withdraw their consent at any time. Additionally, users are reminded that by clicking "Become a member," they agree to the H&M Membership Terms and conditions.\nBy accepting all cookies, you consent to H&M Group sharing this information with third parties, such as our advertising partners. This may mean your data will be processed outside the EU/EEA. Cookies are stored only for as long as needed to fulfill their purpose. If you prefer, you can choose which cookie categories to accept or not. Please keep in mind that blocking some types of cookies may impact how we can deliver and improve our services to you. When you\'re ready, click on \'Confirm my choices\' and remember, you can always change your mind later.\nThe purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you about how your personal data will be processed, stored, and used by H&M Group. The notice explains that H&M Group wants to give you a special treat on your birthday and asks you to confirm your consent for this offer. Users are also informed that their personal data will be processed in accordance with the Privacy Notice and that they can withdraw their consent at any time. Additionally, users are reminded that by clicking "Become a member," they agree to the H&M Membership Terms and conditions.\nBy accepting all cookies, you consent to H&M Group sharing this information with third parties, such as our advertising partners. This may mean your data will be processed outside the EU/EEA. Cookies are stored only for as long as needed to fulfill their purpose. If you prefer, you can choose which cookie categories to accept or not. Please keep in mind that blocking some types of cookies may impact how we can deliver and improve our services to you. When you\'re ready, click on \'Confirm my choices\' and remember, you can always change your mind later.\nThe purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you about how your personal data will be processed, stored, and used by H&M Group. The notice explains that H&M Group wants to give you a special treat on your birthday and asks you to confirm your consent for this offer. Users are also informed that their personal data will be processed in accordance with the Privacy Notice and that they can withdraw their consent at any time. Additionally, users are reminded that by clicking "Become a member," they agree to the H&M Membership Terms and conditions.\nBy accepting all cookies, you consent to H&M Group sharing this information with third parties, such as our advertising partners. This may mean your data will be processed outside the EU/EEA. Cookies are stored only for as long as needed to fulfill their purpose. If you prefer, you can choose which cookie categories to accept or not. Please keep in mind that blocking some types of cookies may impact how we can deliver and improve our services to you. When you\'re ready, click on \'Confirm my choices\' and remember, you can always change your mind later.\nThe purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you about how your personal data will be processed, stored, and used by H&M Group. The notice explains that H&M Group wants to give you a special treat on your birthday and asks you to confirm your consent for this offer. Users are also informed that their personal data will be processed in accordance with the Privacy Notice and that they can withdraw their consent at any time. Additionally, users are reminded that by clicking "Become a member," they agree to the H&M Membership Terms and conditions.\nBy accepting all cookies, you consent to H&M Group sharing this information with third parties, such as our advertising partners. This may mean your data will be processed outside the EU/EEA. Cookies are stored only for as long as needed to fulfill their purpose. If you prefer, you can choose which cookie categories to accept or not. Please keep in mind that blocking some types of cookies may impact how we can deliver and improve our services to you. When you\'re ready, click on \'Confirm my choices\' and remember, you can always change your mind later.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 308540728693, 'load_duration': 1257435, 'prompt_eval_count': 1216, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4201543000, 'eval_count': 1932, 'eval_duration': 304196351000}