{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T17:57:19.548537199Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\n20 points! Learn more here. Own bag Bring your own bag when you shop in our stores and we\'ll reward you with 3 points. Invited a friend Invite a friend to become a member and earn 50 points when they complete their first purchase. Invite now. Added personal details Complete your membership profile and earn 20 points. Other When you receive points for corrections, post-registration, or similar activities. You don\'t have any points yet. There are many ways to start collecting points in the H&M Membership. Learn more Take a look under points to find out more. SHOP Women Men Baby Kids H&M HOME Beauty Sport &Brands Magazine CORPORATE INFO Career at H&M About H&M group Sustainability Press Investor relations Corporate governance HELP Customer Service My Account Store Locator Legal & Privacy Contact Gift Cards Report a scam Cookie Notice Cookie Settings JOIN NOW Become a member today and get 10% off your first purchase READ MORE Instagram InstagramIcon TikTok TikTokLogo YouTube YoutubeIcon Pinterest PinterestIcon Facebook FacebookIcon The content of this site is copyright-protected and is the property of H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB. H&M H&M United Kingdom | £ Close Dialog Become a member Become a member — don\'t miss out on deals, offers, discounts and bonus vouchers. Date of birth / / H&M wants to give you a special treat on your birthday Yes, email me offers, style updates, and special invites to sales and events. Wish your inbox was more stylish? No problem! Simply subscribe to our newsletter. Find out what\'s hot and happening in the world of fashion, beauty, and home decor. Plus, you\'ll get info on the latest membership rewards and events – straight to your inbox! By clicking ‘Become a member’, I agree to the H&M Membership Terms and conditions . To give you the full membership experience, we will process your personal data in accordance with the H&M\'s Privacy Notice . Become a member We care about your privacy Below you´ll find detailed information about each cookie category and the possibility to customize your settings.  By clicking "Accept all cookies", you accept all cookies, and agree that we share this information with third parties, such as our advertising partners. This may in some cases mean your data will be processed outside the EU/EEA. Cookies are stored only for as long as needed to fulfill their purpose. If you prefer, you can choose which cookie categories to accept or not. Please keep in mind that blocking some types of cookies may impact how we can deliver and improve our services to you. When you\'re ready, click on \'Confirm my choices\' and remember, you can always change your mind later. If you want to learn more about cookies and why we use them, you can visit our Cookie policy page anytime. Cookie policy Accept all cookies Manage consent preferences Strictly necessary cookies Always active These cookies are necessary to maintain our services and cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you, such as creating an account or saving a wish-list for later. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but that can experience less relevant content from us. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm my choices Chat Now Chat available, press ALT plus 1 to open TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Polish Bulgarian Hindi Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Turkish Finland Latvian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back Does this page contains user specific information? Answer only with yes or no.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 153637650960, 'load_duration': 1415578, 'prompt_eval_count': 1299, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4620650000, 'eval_count': 953, 'eval_duration': 148869382000}