{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T18:02:20.056801935Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe content of this site is copyright-protected and is the property of H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB. H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB. H&M United Kingdom | £ Close Dialog Become a member Become a member — don\'t miss out on deals, offers, discounts and bonus vouchers. Date of birth / / H&M wants to give you a special treat on your birthday Yes, email me offers, style updates, and special invites to sales and events. Wish your inbox was more stylish? No problem! Simply subscribe to our newsletter. Find out what\'s hot and happening in the world of fashion, beauty, and home decor. Plus, you\'ll get info on the latest membership rewards and events – straight to your inbox! By clicking ‘Become a member’, I agree to the H&M Membership Terms and conditions . To give you the full membership experience, we will process your personal data in accordance with the H&M\'s Privacy Notice . Become a member We care about your privacy Below you´ll find detailed information about each cookie category and the possibility to customize your settings.  By clicking "Accept all cookies", you accept all cookies, and agree that we share this information with third parties, such as our advertising partners. This may in some cases mean your data will be processed outside the EU/EEA. Cookies are stored only for as long as needed to fulfill their purpose. If you prefer, you can choose which cookie categories to accept or not. Please keep in mind that blocking some types of cookies may impact how we can deliver and improve our services to you. When you\'re ready, click on \'Confirm my choices\' and remember, you can always change your mind later. If you want to learn more about cookies and why we use them, you can visit our Cookie policy page anytime. Cookie policy Accept all cookies Manage consent preferences Strictly necessary cookies Always active These cookies are necessary to maintain our services and cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you, such as creating an account or saving a wish-list for later. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but that can make some parts of the site not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance cookies Performance cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic so we can collect insights like which pages are the most popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore, anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not be able to provide you with a tailored experience. Functional cookies Functional cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly. Marketing cookies Marketing cookies When you accept marketing cookies, you give us your consent to place cookies on your device to provide you with relevant content that fits your interests. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners or us, to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant content on our and third-party sites. To be able to deliver content that fits your interests, we will use your interactions together with personal information you have provided to us on our site. To present you with relevant content on third-party sites, we will share this information and a customer identifier such as an encrypted email-address or device id with third parties, such as advertising platforms and social networks. To make the content as interesting as possible for you, we may link this data across the different devices you use to access our site. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm my choices Chat Now Chat available, press ALT plus 1 to open TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Bulgarian Hindi Polish Catalan Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Turkish Finnish Lithuanian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back Does this page contains user specific information? Answer only with yes or no.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 156185645689, 'load_duration': 1296506, 'prompt_eval_count': 1244, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4397695000, 'eval_count': 993, 'eval_duration': 151644644000}