{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T18:10:54.763590146Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe text extracted from the HTML file of a webpage is:\n\n"About | Gap Inc. Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip to main footer Gap Inc. USA opens modal window to select language open menu close menu About Overview History Leadership View child links Executive Leadership Team Board of Directors Board Committee Composition Old Navy Gap Banana Republic Athleta Values Overview Sustainability View child links Environmental, Social and Governance Resources Empowering Women Enabling Opportunity Enriching Communities ESG Report Equality & Belonging View child links Our Commitments People Data Equality and Belonging Groups Equality & Belonging Annual Report Color Proud Council Equal Pay Supplier Inclusion Program Careers Overview Old Navy Gap Banana Republic Athleta Gap Inc. Benefits Talent Areas View child links Technology Global Supply Chain Culture Blog Job Search View child links My Saved Jobs Seasonal Hiring Investors Overview Financial Information View child links Quarterly Results Annual Reports SEC Filings News and Events View child links Press Releases Events Stock Information Real Estate Analyst Coverage Shareholder Services Governance Corporate Compliance News All News Company Design People Technology Values Press Releases Media Center USA opens modal window to select language open search close search Search Site: Creating products and experiences that shape culture since 1969. three women lying in the grass Our history In 1969, inclusivity meant not just finding a pair of jeans that fit founder Don Fisher’s 6\'4\xa0frame, but\xa0creating a retail experience that fit for all. It meant Doris Fisher having the same equity stake in the company as her husband, back when most women weren’t expected in the building, let alone in the board room. Explore our history of championing inclusion in the over 50\xa0years since. see how it all started Do More Than Sell Clothes We believe that when you decide that inclusion isn’t optional, not only do the gaps between us close, but a whole new world of possibilities opens. Discover how we’re weaving inclusion into everything we do for our\xa0customers, our business, and our communities. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label checkbox label label Submit Does this page contains user specific information? Answer only with yes or no."'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 89409086641, 'load_duration': 1008702, 'prompt_eval_count': 1554, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6031317000, 'eval_count': 530, 'eval_duration': 83237886000}