{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T18:11:49.917073269Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "Gap Inc. has implemented an Accessibility Standard for Customer Service, which outlines its commitment to providing exceptional service to customers with disabilities. The policy states that all Gap Inc. stores will provide prompt and respectful service to customers with disabilities. Customers are encouraged to report any concerns or issues they may have with the customer service experience at a Gap Inc. store, and their feedback will be directed to the Customer Relations department for each brand. The policy also outlines that complaints will be addressed according to Gap Inc.'s regular complaint management procedures. Additionally, Gap Inc. has provided notice of availability and format of documents related to the Accessibility Standard for Customer Service, which includes information on how customers can request and receive copies of these documents in a format that takes into account their disabilities. The policy also notifies customers that they can opt-out of sharing information with others online or offline. Gap Inc. has made efforts to create an inclusive environment by promoting diversity and inclusion, creating accessibility standards for customer service, and providing notice of availability and format of documents related to the Accessibility Standard for Customer Service. However, it is important to note that there may be limitations or barriers to accessing certain services or products for customers with disabilities, as some Gap Inc. stores may not have accessibility features or materials in place, such as hearing loops or large print menus. Therefore, it is recommended that customers with disabilities check the accessibility of Gap Inc. stores before visiting and report any concerns to the Customer Relations department for each brand."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 55151093934, 'load_duration': 1066872, 'prompt_eval_count': 1437, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5262950000, 'eval_count': 336, 'eval_duration': 49747651000}