{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T18:20:00.552666494Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\n10 Unique Clothing Episode 06: AIRism Unique clothing changes the rules. And changing the rules changes our lives. Here's another story of a masterpiece, manufactured by UNIQLO to this day. READ NOW\n\nThe story behind our premium linen Linen is one of the world's most enduringly popular fabrics; we turn to it every summer for lightweight, breathable comfort and elegant, breezy style. LEARN MORE\n\nPEACE FOR ALL charity T-shirts Discover five new T-shirts featuring Moomin, alongside designs by Khaled Hosseini, Hakuji Kuiseko, Jason Polan, and Takeshi Yoro. SHOP NOW\n\nBlue Cycle jeans Blue Cycle significantly reduces the amount of water used in the jeans finishing process, by up to 99%. LEARN MORE\n\nClothing made from recycled materials Our ability to recycle materials is growing as technology evolves, and we're increasing the proportion of our clothing that is made from recycled materials. SHOP NOW\n\nWe accept Need help? Contact Us & FAQs Delivery Payment Returns Order Status Store Locator Make a Return Newsletter Gift Cards About Uniqlo Careers Our Story Sustainability Uniqlo Today Uniqlo Global Brand Ambassadors Corporate information Group Companies Press Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Returns Policy Cookie Settings ©  UNIQLO CO. LTD. All rights reserved. TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Bulgarian Hindi Polish Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Turkish Finnish Lithuanian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. If you selected ‘Ask App Not to Track’ upon your first use of the Uniqlo App, then ONLY strictly necessary cookies will be used. More information Allow All Cookie Settings Back To Homepage Privacy Policy Legal Stuff Disclaimer Contact Us About Us Jobs Careers SiteMap Terms & Conditions © 2023 UNIQLO Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy\n\nDoes this page contains user specific information? Answer only with yes or no."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 118062174210, 'load_duration': 1489038, 'prompt_eval_count': 1389, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4850156000, 'eval_count': 728, 'eval_duration': 113059851000}