{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T18:28:10.889242467Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nThe Uniqlo website uses various types of cookies to improve the user experience and provide personalized content. Here is a breakdown of the different types of cookies used by Uniqlo:\n\n1. Strictly Necessary Cookies - These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.\n2. Functional Cookies - These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.\n3. Performance Cookies - These cookies allow us to collect information about the traffic on our website and the technical performance of the website. They help us to get detailed and advanced analytics. In some cases, these cookies improve the speed with which we can process your request, allow us to remember site preferences you've selected. This includes cookies from third-party analytics services.\n4. Targeting Cookies - These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.\n5. Never Active - These cookies are not present on this Uniqlo website. They are only present on UNIQLO websites outside of EUROPE. This means that any cookies within this list will never be activated.\n\nBy default, the Uniqlo website allows all types of cookies to be used unless you have selected 'Ask App Not to Track' upon your first use of the Uniqlo app. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. If you selected 'Ask App Not to Track' upon your first use of the Uniqlo App, then ONLY strictly necessary cookies will be used.\n\nYou can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work properly. You can also enable collaborative features and customize widgets on the Uniqlo website to make it more personalized for your preferences."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 88301771457, 'load_duration': 1418867, 'prompt_eval_count': 1466, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5275327000, 'eval_count': 542, 'eval_duration': 82883443000}