{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T20:30:08.076085931Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\n3.3 million articles on ScienceDirect are open access. Articles published open access are peer-reviewed and made freely available for everyone to read, download, and reuse in line with the user license displayed on the article. View the list of full open access journals and books View all publications with open access articles (includes hybrid journals) Read more about Elsevier's open access publishing choices About ScienceDirect Help Online video tutorials Privacy principles Accessibility Explore ScienceDirect Content syndication on ScienceDirect Create and manage alerts Receive personalized recommendations Browse by topic Explore Elsevier Elsevier Connect Publish with Elsevier Scopus Mendeley About ScienceDirect Remote access Shopping cart Advertise Contact and support Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies are used by this site. Cookie Settings All content on this site: Copyright © 2024 Elsevier B.V., its licensors, and contributors. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies. For all open access content, the Creative Commons licensing terms apply. TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Bulgarian Hindi Polish Portuguese Catalan Hmong Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back We use cookies that are necessary to make our site work. We may also use additional cookies to analyze, improve, and personalize our content and your digital experience. For more information, see our Cookie Policy and the list of Google Ad-Tech Vendors . You may choose not to allow some types of cookies. However, blocking some types may impact your experience of our site and the services we are able to offer. See the different category headings below to find out more or change your settings. Allow all Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Always active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Cookie Details List\u200e Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Cookie Details List\u200e Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. Cookie Details List\u200e Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie Details List\u200e Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm my choices Your Privacy [`dialog closed`] Does this page contains user specific information? Answer only with yes or no."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 125723779061, 'load_duration': 1201994, 'prompt_eval_count': 1131, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4018212000, 'eval_count': 836, 'eval_duration': 121559435000}