{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T07:36:55.037942316Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nIt is safe to buy subscriptions on TradingView as the company uses secure payment methods such as credit cards, PayPal accounts, Apple Pay, and crypto payments. Additionally, the company does not store your payment credentials, which are encrypted and passed through Braintree, a payment processing API owned by PayPal. This API allows TradingView to create a protected link for payment methods when you purchase anything on their website, providing a safe, easy, and secure way to make subscriptions.\n\nTo pay for a TradingView subscription, you can use any of the acceptable payment methods listed, including major credit cards, PayPal accounts, Apple Pay, and crypto payments. You can also pay with crypto for annual plans only, using Coinbase as the payment processor. To pay with crypto, switch to the "Crypto" tab on the Order page and follow the instructions.\n\nIt is important to note that you can cancel your subscription at any time, and it will not auto-renew after the current paid term. Paid service will remain active for the duration of the paid term, and a canceled trial will stop immediately after cancellation.\n\nTradingView has no refund policy for initial orders (i.e. first-time purchases) or monthly plans, but there are refunds available only after an automatic deduction for annual payments within 14 calendar days after the payment was made.\n\nYou can upgrade your annual subscription at any time with no extra transactions needed. All remaining days of your current plan will be automatically converted into equivalent value days on the new tier, and you won\'t lose anything, just use the remaining amount to switch to a better version. Thus, the remaining period of your subscription will be reduced and your next payment date will be switched.\n\nIf you downgrade, your current plan will stay exactly as it is until its subscription date. Then, once it expires, your new downgraded plan will go live at the selected rate.\n\nYou can get extra real-time data for personal use by adding data separately to your account, and all extra real-time and intraday data for exchanges are available to be added separately to your account. However, extra real-time data is only available on the TradingView website and only for users who purchased the data from eligible exchanges with their paid TradingView account.\n\nThe difference between professional and non-professional subscriptions is that "Professional" usage relates to common business activity where market data is used on behalf of businesses or entities, funds or asset managers, while "Non-Professional" usage refers to market data for personal use only. This means that any person who uses market data as a retail customer or market hobbyist is a Non-professional user, while those who use market data on behalf of an employer or engages in the trading between businesses or entities, are considered to be Professional users.\n\nYou can buy a professional plan even if you\'re not a professional trader, and TradingView has plenty of features for professional users, including more alerts, data, multiple charts, and more.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 103656541426, 'load_duration': 1385403, 'prompt_eval_count': 1243, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4391048000, 'eval_count': 676, 'eval_duration': 99119520000}