{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T08:35:53.190066036Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nIntuit is a global financial technology platform that provides various products and services to individuals, small businesses, and accountants. The company offers TurboTax, Credit Karma, QuickBooks, and Mailchimp as its flagship products, which are designed to help people manage their finances and grow their wealth. Intuit also supports the development of new technologies through its Partner Programs and Supplier Programs. In addition, the company has a strong commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) and is focused on creating purposeful connections between communities.\n\nIntuit's platform helps people achieve financial confidence with TurboTax, Credit Karma, QuickBooks, and Mailchimp. These products are designed to simplify the tax filing process, provide personalized financial recommendations, help small business owners manage their finances, and provide valuable tools for managing emails and increasing customer engagement.\n\nIntuit's support community includes a Blog, Live Experts, and Product Support, which helps people who are using its products or need assistance with their financial questions. The company also offers a variety of resources for accountants, educators, and small business owners to help them succeed in their respective fields.\n\nIntuit's philosophy is centered around the idea that one person at a time can make a difference. This means that Intuit is committed to empowering individuals and communities to achieve financial confidence and prosperity. The company believes that everyone has the potential to succeed financially, regardless of their background or circumstances.\n\nIn addition to its products and support community, Intuit also focuses on innovation and supporting startups. The company invests in startups through its Venture Programs and supports them with resources such as funding, mentorship, and access to its platform's tools and technology.\n\nIntuit is committed to creating a more inclusive and diverse workplace, which means that it actively seeks to support women-owned businesses and promote LGBTQ+ inclusion in the tech industry. The company also recognizes the importance of addressing social issues such as climate change and supporting local communities through its global network of locations and partnerships.\n\nOverall, Intuit's commitment to helping people achieve financial confidence and prosperity is a key part of what sets it apart from other financial technology companies. By empowering individuals and communities with the tools and resources they need to succeed financially, Intuit is making a positive impact on society and creating a more equitable future for all."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 83348537481, 'load_duration': 1096036, 'prompt_eval_count': 1279, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4454079000, 'eval_count': 543, 'eval_duration': 78757576000}