{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-08T18:25:34.817983421Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe page at `policy.pinterest.com` is the Terms of Service page for Pinterest, a social media and image sharing platform that allows users to share images and videos along with descriptions called "pins." The page provides information about how the website handles user data, including what personal information is collected, how it is used, and how users can control their privacy settings.\n\nHere are some key points about the page:\n\n1. Personal Information Collected: Pinterest collects certain personal information from its users, such as name, email address, birthday, gender, and location. This information is used to create a profile for each user on the site. However, users can opt out of creating a profile by not providing any personal information when signing up.\n2. Use of Personal Information: Pinterest uses the personal information it collects to provide its services and features, such as email notifications about new pins, recommendations based on your interests, and personalized content suggestions. The website also uses this information to improve its services and to send you promotional offers.\n3. Control of Privacy Settings: Users can control their privacy settings by selecting how much information they want to share with the site. They can choose to limit who can see their pins, or they can select to have all of their interactions on the platform be private.\n4. Data Retention: Pinterest retains user data for as long as it is necessary to fulfill its obligations under applicable laws, including for legal disputes and audits. The website also deletes data when it is no longer needed for these purposes.\n5. Changes to Privacy Policy: Pinterest may change this privacy policy from time to time, and users will be notified of any changes through the website. Users can always review the latest version of the privacy policy by visiting the page.\n6. Contact Information: Users can contact Pinterest through its support team if they have questions or concerns about its privacy policy or its handling of their data. The website\'s contact information is available on its help center page.\n7. Data Transfer and International Use: Pinterest transfers user data to third-party service providers in the United States, the European Union, Switzerland, Australia, Singapore, India, Japan, and Mexico for purposes such as storing and processing user content, providing customer support, and conducting research and development. The website allows users to control their data transfer settings and can provide information on which countries it transfers data to.\n8. Third Party Links: Pinterest may include links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by the website. While these sites or services may be subject to their own privacy policies, Pinterest has no control over them and is not responsible for their use of data. Users should review the privacy policies of any such site or service before using it.\n9. Data Security: Pinterest takes measures to protect user data from unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or deletion. The website uses SSL encryption, secure cookies, and other security features to protect user information when it is transmitted over the internet.\n10. Third Party Services: Pinterest may use third-party services for certain purposes, such as providing customer support or conducting research and development. While these third parties may have access to certain user data, Pinterest has no control over their use of that data and is not responsible for it. Users should review the privacy policies of any such service provider before using it.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 132207311809, 'load_duration': 1130554, 'prompt_eval_count': 1879, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7183095000, 'eval_count': 754, 'eval_duration': 124912144000}