{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-08T04:54:26.92589521Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nThese are the Terms of Service for Pinterest, an online platform that allows users to share images and videos and create boards. The terms outline what users can do on the platform, as well as what is expected of them in terms of behavior and content.\n\n1. The Service: This refers to Pinterest's website or mobile application, which allows users to create boards and share images and videos.\n2. Using Pinterest: Users are allowed to use the service for personal, non-commercial purposes only. They must not use the platform to engage in any illegal or harmful activities.\n3. Your User Content: The terms allow users to upload and share their own content on the platform, but they must do so in accordance with Pinterest's community guidelines. Users are also responsible for protecting their personal information and intellectual property rights when using the platform.\n4. Intellectual Property: The terms state that users retain ownership of any content they upload to the platform, but Pinterest reserves the right to use any such content in the event of a dispute or legal issue.\n5. Security: Users are responsible for maintaining the security of their accounts and passwords, as well as any third-party accounts connected to their accounts.\n6. Third party links, sites, and services: The terms allow users to link to other websites, but Pinterest reserves the right to remove or limit any such links if they are found to be inappropriate or harmful.\n7. Termination: Users may terminate their account at any time by following the instructions provided on the platform.\n8. Indemnity: The terms state that users will not hold Pinterest liable for any damage caused by their use of the platform, and that they release Pinterest from any such claims.\n9. Disclaimers: The terms include standard disclaimers about the limitations of the platform's warranties and liabilities.\n10. Limitation of Liability: The terms state that users will not hold Pinterest liable for any damage caused by their use of the platform, and that they release Pinterest from any such claims.\n11. Arbitration: Users agree to submit any disputes or legal issues related to their use of the platform to binding arbitration, where the arbitrator will make a final decision.\n12. Governing law and jurisdiction: The terms state that the terms are governed by and construed in accordance with California law, and that any disputes arising from the use of the platform shall be resolved through venue and service of process in San Francisco County, California.\n13. General terms: These are standard terms that outline what users can do on the platform, as well as what is expected of them in terms of behavior and content."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 106716862032, 'load_duration': 1165734, 'prompt_eval_count': 1881, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7191033000, 'eval_count': 603, 'eval_duration': 99412077000}