{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-08T04:58:37.765681418Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThese Terms of Service ("Terms") outline the rules and policies for your use of our website, <https://pt.pinterest.com>, and any other services we offer (collectively, the "Service"). By using the Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with these Terms, please do not use our Service. The terms in this agreement are legal agreements between you (either as an individual or on behalf of an entity) and Pinterest Europe Ltd., an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. We may modify these Terms from time to time, so please review them frequently. Your continued use of the Service after we post any changes constitutes your acceptance of those changes. We have certain links on our site that connect you to other websites outside of our control. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites and encourage you to review their terms and policies prior to use. You should be aware that it is not advisable to share personal information, including but not limited to passwords or credit card data, in public areas. Your access to and use of our Service may be monitored, recorded, and subject to technical monitoring by third parties such as our service providers, advertisers, affiliates, and law enforcement agencies. If you choose to access certain features of our site, such as certain communities or specific pages, your privacy will not be protected by these Terms. These features are accessible at your own risk and we do not accept any liability for any loss or damage incurred through your use of such features. We reserve the right to terminate or suspend your access to our site for violation of these Terms or any other applicable laws. Your continued use of our site constitutes your agreement to be bound by, and to comply with, the following policies:\n2. Using Pinterest\nOur Service allows you to create a profile on which you can display information about yourself, including your name, location, work experience, and education. We may also use personal information that you provide to us to send you notifications about certain features or services offered through our site. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of any information that you submit to us. If we discover that your account has been compromised in any way, we reserve the right to terminate the account and refuse to provide access to any account services until such time as we deem the account secure again.\n3. Your User Content\nYou are responsible for all content posted by yourself on our site, including but not limited to posts, comments, images, videos, and other materials that you create or transmit through our site (collectively, "User Content"). By posting any User Content on our site, you represent and warrant that:\nYou have the right to post the User Content in question and grant us the rights and licenses necessary for us to use it as permitted by these Terms.\nThe User Content does not violate any law or regulation, including but not limited to copyright or intellectual property laws.\nThe User Content is original with you or has been explicitly authorized by you, or is otherwise legally obtained through proper licensing arrangements.\nYou will not post any material that could cause harm to our reputation, business, or affiliates, or engage in any form of harassment, spamming, or other malicious or offensive conduct on our site.\n4. Intellectual Property\nOur Service and the User Content on it are protected by applicable intellectual property laws, including but not limited to copyright and trademark laws. All rights not expressly granted to us under these Terms are reserved. You must not use any logo, branding, or other proprietary information without our prior written consent, except as authorized by law.\n5. Security\nWe take reasonable steps to protect your User Content from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, no security measures can completely eliminate all risks of loss or damage. Therefore, you should not use the Service or any content on our site for any illegal activity, including but not limited to copyright infringement or other violations of intellectual property laws.\n6. Third party links, sites, and services\nOur Service may contain links or references to third-party websites or services. These links are provided solely as a convenience and do not represent any endorsement or recommendation by us. Your use of these sites and services is subject to the applicable terms and conditions. Please note that you should be aware that it is not advisable to share personal information, including but not limited to passwords or credit card data, in public areas.\n7. Termination\nWe may terminate your access to our Service or any account services at any time without notice for violation of these Terms or any other applicable laws. Your continued use of the Service after we post any changes constitutes your acceptance of those changes. We reserve the right to terminate or suspend your access to our site for violation of these Terms or any other applicable laws.\n8. Indemnity\nYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Pinterest Europe Ltd., its officers, directors, employees, contractors, and agents from and against any claims, damages, or liabilities, including but not limited to legal fees and costs, arising out of your use of the Service.\n9. Disclaimers\nOur Service is provided on an "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR TITLE. We do not represent or warrant that our Service will meet your requirements, be free of errors, viruses or other harmful components, or be appropriate for any particular purpose. You are responsible for reviewing and testing any software or applications you access through our site to ensure they are compatible with all devices and software used by you. We do not represent or warrant that the Service will function uninterrupted or error-free, or that any defects will be corrected.\n10. Entire Agreement\nThese Terms (including any amendments or updates) constitute the entire agreement between us with respect to your use of our Site and supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral. If any provision of these Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable.\n11. Amendments and Updates\nWe reserve the right to modify or update these Terms at any time and your continued use of our Site will be deemed as acceptance of any changes we make. We encourage you to review these Terms periodically to stay informed of any changes. Your access to and use of our site or Service after we post any changes constitutes your acceptance of those changes.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 250837312727, 'load_duration': 1332927, 'prompt_eval_count': 1871, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7190218000, 'eval_count': 1553, 'eval_duration': 243536744000}