{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-08T09:49:19.149131577Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nThe article is about how to make money as a 13-year-old, turning your skills into cold hard cash. The first step in making money as a kid is to figure out what you're good at and use those skills to make some extra dough. You can also consider starting a small business or selling things on the side to earn some cash quickly. In addition, the article emphasizes that being financially responsible and smart with your money will help you save for bigger goals in the future. Overall, it provides practical advice and tricks that can be useful for young people who want to learn how to make more money as they get older.\n\nThe first section of the article is dedicated to showing the reader what they are good at and giving some ideas on how to turn their talents into extra income. The author offers several tips such as starting a small business, selling things on the side, and even asking for donations from friends or family members. In addition, it highlights the importance of being responsible with money by saving and planning for the future.\n\nThe second section focuses on how to start a small business that can be operated by a 13-year-old. The author emphasizes that starting a small business is a great way to earn extra income while learning important life skills like responsibility, hard work, and creativity. It provides several ideas such as creating and selling handmade crafts, offering pet sitting services, and even making food for others.\n\nThe third section of the article focuses on how to make money by selling things online. The author emphasizes that selling things online is a convenient way to earn extra income while learning important life skills like responsibility, hard work, and creativity. It provides several ideas such as selling products on eBay, creating a YouTube channel, and even making and selling crafts.\n\nThe final section of the article is about how to be financially responsible and smart with your money. The author emphasizes that being responsible and smart with your money will help you save for bigger goals in the future. It provides several tips such as creating a budget, saving regularly, and even investing your savings.\n\nIn summary, this article is about how to make money as a 13-year-old by showing the reader what they are good at and providing practical advice on starting a small business or selling things online. It also emphasizes the importance of being financially responsible and smart with your money in the future."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 95675756915, 'load_duration': 1577739, 'prompt_eval_count': 1967, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7710797000, 'eval_count': 529, 'eval_duration': 87855544000}