{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-08T04:06:59.523404061Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'It is safe to buy subscriptions on TradingView as the company takes various measures to ensure the security and privacy of its users\' payment information. Here are some reasons why you can feel confident buying a subscription on TradingView:\n\n1. Encryption: TradingView encrypts your payment credentials before passing them to Braintree, which is owned by PayPal, through an API that it uses to process all payments. This encryption ensures that your sensitive financial information remains secure and cannot be accessed by unauthorized parties.\n2. Protected link: When you purchase anything on TradingView\'s website, the company creates a protected link to your payment method. This link is only accessible with your authorization, making it difficult for anyone else to access your payment information without your permission.\n3. Secure payment processing: TradingView uses Coinbase to process crypto payments, which provides a secure and reliable platform for conducting transactions online. When you purchase a subscription using crypto, the transaction is processed through Coinbase\'s secure servers, ensuring that your payment information remains safe from unauthorized access.\n4. Cancellation options: TradingView offers a flexible cancellation policy, allowing you to cancel your subscription at any time and stopping it from auto-renewing after the current paid term. This means that if you decide you no longer want your subscription, you can cancel it immediately without any consequences.\n5. Refund policy: There are no refunds for initial orders (i.e., first-time purchases) or for monthly plans. However, refunds are available only after an automatic deduction for annual payments within 14 calendar days of the payment being made. This means that if you want a refund for your subscription, you must follow the company\'s refund policy and provide proof of purchase.\n6. Upgrading without payment: You can upgrade your annual subscription at any time with no extra transactions needed. All remaining days of your current plan will be automatically converted into equivalent value days on the new tier, giving you a hassle-free upgrade process without any financial implications.\n7. Downgrading options: If you downgrade, your current plan will stay exactly as it is until its subscription date. Then, once it expires, your new downgraded plan will go live at the selected rate, allowing you to switch to a better version without any additional costs or hassles.\n8. Extra real-time data: All extra real-time and intraday data for exchanges are available to be added separately to your account. You can add these data through our website or mobile apps, depending on the payment method you prefer.\n9. Professional vs non-professional subscriptions: In general, "Professional" usage relates to common business activity where market data is used on behalf of a company, organization, or individual. On the other hand, non-professional subscription refers to personal use and data collection. TradingView provides separate pricing plans for each type of user, ensuring that you only pay for what you need.\n\nOverall, TradingView takes various measures to ensure the security and privacy of its users\' payment information, making it safe to buy a subscription on their platform.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 114042952902, 'load_duration': 1425027, 'prompt_eval_count': 1439, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5262439000, 'eval_count': 695, 'eval_duration': 108634445000}