{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T19:28:02.613164634Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe IAB has established a set of principles for the responsible use of personal data, known as the "Principles for Trustworthy Online Data Collection and Sharing." These principles aim to ensure that online data collection and sharing practices are transparent, ethical, and respectful of users\' privacy. The principles include:\n\n1. Transparency: Users must be informed about how their personal data will be collected, used, and shared, including the legal basis for such use and how they can opt out or exercise their rights.\n2. Consent: Users must provide explicit consent before their personal data is collected and used, and may do so through a clear and concise notice that explains the purpose of collection, the categories of personal data involved, and the parties to whom it will be shared.\n3. Data minimization: Users\' data should only be collected to the extent necessary for the stated purpose, and any data collection should be done in a way that minimizes the amount of personal data required while still achieving the stated purpose.\n4. Purpose limitation: The use of personal data must be limited to the purposes stated when it was collected, and users\' consent must not be obtained for multiple unauthorized purposes.\n5. Data protection by design and by default: Organizations should implement data protection controls into their data collection processes at an early stage of development, as opposed to implementing data protection after the fact. This includes applying privacy-by-design principles and using the principle of "data minimization" to restrict data collection.\n6. Data protection through security: Organizations must take appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure that personal data is protected from unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or destruction.\n7. Data subject rights: Users have the right to be informed of any legal basis for processing their personal data, to access, correct, and delete their personal data, and to object to processing of their personal data under certain circumstances.\n8. Data protection officer (DPO): Organizations with a high risk of non-compliance may appoint a DPO to oversee data protection. The DPO must report annually on the measures taken to ensure compliance.\n9. Cross-border data transfers: Organizations must ensure that their cross-border data transfers are in accordance with EU data protection laws and notify affected users of any such transfer, unless they can demonstrate an exceptional justification for such transfer.\n10. Continuous monitoring and evaluation: Organizations should regularly review and update their data collection and sharing practices to ensure they remain compliant with the principles outlined in this document.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 96784785576, 'load_duration': 1611649, 'prompt_eval_count': 1782, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6677308000, 'eval_count': 551, 'eval_duration': 89997165000}