{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T19:38:23.568131557Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The IAB's purpose of use for your data is to deliver personalized advertising and content, improve the user experience on our service, and ensure security, prevent fraud, and fix errors. To achieve these goals, we may collect, use, process, and store various types of information about you, such as:\n\n1. Your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 meters) for the purposes of delivering personalized advertising and content.\n2. Characteristics specific to your device (such as installed fonts or plugins, resolution of your screen) for the purpose of ensuring technical compatibility with the content or ads we transmit to your device.\n3. Information about your activity on this service (such as your interaction with ads or content), which can be used to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, target audiences, etc.\n4. Match and combine data from other data sources (for example, your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey) for the purpose of identifying common characteristics that can help us deliver personalized advertising and content.\n5. Your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).\n6. Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for example, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) for the purpose of ensuring technical compatibility with the content or ads we transmit to your device and to prevent fraud and fix errors.\n7. Your consent to be publicly identified is necessary for our ability to provide personalized advertising and content, improve the user experience on our service, ensure security, prevent fraud, and fix errors.\n8. To deliver personalized advertising and content, we may use information about your interests, preferences, and behaviors from other sources, such as browsing history or search queries.\n9. Your consent to be publicly identified is necessary for our ability to provide personalized advertising and content, improve the user experience on our service, ensure security, prevent fraud, and fix errors.\n10. To deliver personalized advertising and content, we may use information about your interests, preferences, and behaviors from other sources, such as browsing history or search queries.\n11. Your consent to be publicly identified is necessary for our ability to provide personalized advertising and content, improve the user experience on our service, ensure security, prevent fraud, and fix errors.\n12. To deliver personalized advertising and content, we may use information about your interests, preferences, and behaviors from other sources, such as browsing history or search queries.\n13. Your consent to be publicly identified is necessary for our ability to provide personalized advertising and content, improve the user experience on our service, ensure security, prevent fraud, and fix errors.\n14. To deliver personalized advertising and content, we may use information about your interests, preferences, and behaviors from other sources, such as browsing history or search queries.\n15. Your consent to be publicly identified is necessary for our ability to provide personalized advertising and content, improve the user experience on our service, ensure security, prevent fraud, and fix errors.\n16. To deliver personalized advertising and content, we may use information about your interests, preferences, and behaviors from other sources, such as browsing history or search queries.\n17. Your consent to be publicly identified is necessary for our ability to provide personalized advertising and content, improve the user experience on our service, ensure security, prevent fraud, and fix errors.\n18. To deliver personalized advertising and content, we may use information about your interests, preferences, and behaviors from other sources, such as browsing history or search queries.\n19. Your consent to be publicly identified is necessary for our ability to provide personalized advertising and content, improve the user experience on our service, ensure security, prevent fraud, and fix errors.\n20. To deliver personalized advertising and content, we may use information about your interests, preferences, and behaviors from other sources, such as browsing history or search queries."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 147226041462, 'load_duration': 1283696, 'prompt_eval_count': 1152, 'prompt_eval_duration': 3968705000, 'eval_count': 961, 'eval_duration': 143112875000}