{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T19:48:42.560903199Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe article provides a comprehensive overview of the data protection rights and responsibilities for Non-Users (those who are not users of Meta Platforms\' products, such as Instagram, Facebook, Messenger, etc.) in the European Union. The document explains how Meta Platforms complies with applicable data protection law and considers all legitimate interests when processing personal information. It also addresses the rights of Non-Users to access, correct, port, and erase their information, as well as the right to restrict or object to certain processing of their personal information, where this is based on compelling legitimate grounds or is needed for legal reasons. The document emphasizes that the objection will be upheld, unless the processing is based on compelling legitimate grounds or is necessary for legal reasons. Meta Platforms has provided a comprehensive FAQ section to address any queries from Non-Users regarding their rights and how Meta complies with applicable data protection law.\n\nThe document also highlights that when transferring information as part of its global operations, Meta uses its global infrastructure and data centers, including in the United States, where the information is transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed outside the European Economic Area (EEA). However, it emphasizes that Meta relies on appropriate mechanisms for international transfers to ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data.\n\nThe article also addresses how Non-Users\' information controlled by Meta Platforms, Inc. is transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed outside the UK, where Meta relies on relevant "adequacy decisions" from the European Commission that recognize certain countries and territories outside of the EEA ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data. In other circumstances, Meta uses standard contractual transfer mechanisms approved by the European Parliament or derogations provided under applicable law to transfer information to a third country.\n\nThe document also provides a contact form for Non-Users who have unresolved concerns about their rights and how Meta complies with applicable data protection law. This allows them to raise their concerns with the Data Protection Officer for either Meta Platforms Ireland Limited or Meta Platforms, Inc. in the UK. '}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 68481902103, 'load_duration': 1303086, 'prompt_eval_count': 1155, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4138158000, 'eval_count': 467, 'eval_duration': 64200368000}