{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T20:05:22.512208257Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nThe following text is the set of strings extracted from the HTML file of a webpage. Homepage - Reddit menu About Careers Press Brand Transparency Investors Reddit for Good Blog Join now Back Topics Announcements Life at Reddit Community Product & Design Reddit for Business Technology Partnerships Dive Into Anything Reddit is home to thousands of communities, endless conversation, and authentic human connection. Whether you're into breaking news, sports, TV fan theories, or a never-ending stream of the internet's cutest animals, there's a community on Reddit for you. How Does Reddit Work? Every day, millions of people around the world post, vote, and comment in communities organized around their interests. Visit reddit.com Post The community can share content by posting stories, links, images, and videos. Comment The community comments on posts. Comments provide discussion and often humor. Vote Comments & posts can be upvoted or downvoted. The most interesting content rises to the top. Reddit by the Numbers Reddit is a growing family of millions of diverse people sharing the things they care about most. As of March, 2024 0 M+ Daily Active Uniques 0 M+ Weekly Active Uniques 0 K+ Active Communities 0 B+ Posts & Comments Reddit Press Reddit News Did You Know? A 2024 U.S. Elections Voter Education Series May 31, 2024 Reddit and OpenAI Build Partnership May 16, 2024 New Ways To AMA May 14, 2024 Sharing an Update on our Ads Monetization Team, and Welcoming our New VP of Ads Product May 13, 2024 View more blog posts Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Company Reddit, Inc. Reddit for Business Careers Investors Press Contact Blog r/RDDT Community Reddit.com Reddit for Community Content Policy Help Center Moderator Code of Conduct Privacy & Safety Privacy Policy User Agreement Transparency Report r/redditsecurity Other Terms and Policies Copyright 2024 Reddit, Inc. All rights reserved. the conversation starts here Back to Top How Does Reddit Work? How Does Reddit Work? Reddit by the Numbers Reddit by the Numbers Reddit News Reddit News Privacy Preference Center Your Privacy Strictly Necessary Cookies Analytics & Performance Cookies Advertising  Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Analytics & Performance Cookies Analytics & Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to monitor its performance. Advertising  Cookies Advertising  Cookies We use these cookies to deliver advertisements, to make them more relevant and meaningful to consumers, and to track the efficiency of our advertising campaigns, both on our services and on other sites.\n\nThe following text is the set of strings extracted from the HTML file of a webpage. Homepage - Reddit menu About Careers Press Brand Transparency Investors Reddit for Good Blog Join now Back Topics Announcements Life at Reddit Community Product & Design Reddit for Business Technology Partnerships Dive Into Anything Reddit is home to thousands of communities, endless conversation, and authentic human connection. Whether you're into breaking news, sports, TV fan theories, or a never-ending stream of the internet's cutest animals, there's a community on Reddit for you. How Does Reddit Work? Every day, millions of people around the world post, vote, and comment in communities organized around their interests. Visit reddit.com Post The community can share content by posting stories, links, images, and videos. Comment The community comments on posts. Comments provide discussion and often humor. Vote Comments & posts can be upvoted or downvoted. The most interesting content rises to the top. Reddit by the Numbers Reddit is a growing family of millions of diverse people sharing the things they care about most. As of March, 2024 0 M+ Daily Active Uniques 0 M+ Weekly Active Uniques 0 K+ Active Communities 0 B+ Posts & Comments Reddit Press Reddit News Did You Know? A 2024 U.S. Elections Voter Education Series May 31, 2024 Reddit and OpenAI Build Partnership May 16, 2024 New Ways To AMA May 14, 2024 Sharing an Update on our Ads Monetization Team, and Welcoming our New VP of Ads Product May 13, 2024 View more blog posts Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Company Reddit, Inc. Reddit for Business Careers Investors Press Contact Blog r/RDDT Community Reddit.com Reddit for Community Content Policy Help Center Moderator Code of Conduct Privacy & Safety Privacy Policy User Agreement Transparency Report r/redditsecurity Other Terms and Policies Copyright 2024 Reddit, Inc. All rights reserved. the conversation starts here Back to Top How Does Reddit Work? How Does Reddit Work? Reddit by the Numbers Reddit by the Numbers Reddit News Reddit News Privacy Preference Center Your Privacy Strictly Necessary Cookies Analytics & Performance Cookies Advertising  Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Analytics & Performance Cookies Analytics & Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to monitor its performance. Advertising  Cookies Advertising  Cookies We use these cookies to deliver advertisements, to make them more relevant and meaningful to consumers, and to track the efficiency of our advertising campaigns, both on our services and on other sites."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 281249703616, 'load_duration': 984402, 'prompt_eval_count': 1163, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4159098000, 'eval_count': 1766, 'eval_duration': 276953850000}