{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T20:14:41.149831484Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "LinkedIn is the world's largest professional network on a mission to connect the world's professionals to make them more productive and successful. Everyday, our products help people make powerful connections, discover exciting opportunities, build necessary skills, and gain valuable insights. Since 2003, we have pursued one simple, yet audacious vision: To create economic opportunity for every member of the global workforce. To us, these words are more than just a statement. They connect and inspire our global team because we each play a critical role in making this vision - that has the power to transform ourselves, our communities, and the world - a reality. Are you in? Open Roles Our Teams WHO WE ARE A community of changemakers At LinkedIn, we believe that the change we want to see in the world of work starts with us. That’s why everything we do - for our members, our customers and our employees - is built with our vision in mind. We aspire to create a trusted, caring, inclusive, fun, and transformational experience for each other at LinkedIn, and through our platform for every member of the global workforce.\nTRANSFORMING OURSELVES Your benefits for your life No matter where in the world you work, InLife benefits and perks are designed to make your life even better. We understand that in order to do our best work, we all need peace of mind. From health and wellness to dependent care, time off, and work flexibility, our program is designed to give our employees the support they need to be their best selves. Your Wellness Healthcare + EAP, Wellness Programs, Paid Time Off, and Annual Shutdown Go to previous slide Go to next slide Go to Slide 1 Go to Slide 2, Current Slide Go to Slide 3 Turn off autoplay Glassdoor's Best Places to Work 2023 Read more Human Rights Campaign\xa0Equality 100 Award 2023-2024 Read more Disability Equality Index 2023 Best Places to Work Read more STAY IN THE LOOP Follow #LinkedInLife LinkedIn Instagram Twitter YouTube A Microsoft Company About Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Choices User Agreement Accessibility LinkedIn logo © LinkedIn Corporation 2024 LinkedIn respects your privacy LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads ) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy . Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings . Accept Reject dismiss Cancel TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Polish Bulgarian Hindi Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back Should this page be public to all users? Answer only with yes or no."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 129439151590, 'load_duration': 1027772, 'prompt_eval_count': 1676, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6413905000, 'eval_count': 761, 'eval_duration': 122885559000}