{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T20:40:58.059569833Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nThe University of Porto (FEUP) has been ranked among the top 10 universities in Portugal for engineering, technology, and natural sciences, according to a recent report by the National Center for Scientific Research (CNR). The report also ranks the university within the top 1% of universities worldwide.\n\nThe ranking is based on the number of research outputs published by the university, including articles in scientific journals, book chapters, and reports. The ranking also takes into account the number of research projects funded by government agencies and private organizations.\n\nThe University of Porto was founded in 1834 and has a long history of excellence in engineering, technology, and natural sciences. It is one of the largest universities in Portugal and has a strong focus on innovation and entrepreneurship. The university offers a wide range of undergraduate and graduate programs, including degree courses in fields such as computer science, electrical engineering, mechanics, and civil engineering.\n\nThe ranking by the National Center for Scientific Research is based on data from 2017-2018 and reflects the university's strong performance in terms of research output, collaboration with external partners, and impact on society. The report highlights the university's research areas, such as energy, environment, and health, which are among the most promising and innovative in Portugal.\n\nThe University of Porto has a strong reputation for producing high-quality graduates who go on to work in top companies both at home and abroad. Many graduates have gone on to establish their own startups, become entrepreneurs, or take leading roles in government agencies, research centers, and other organizations.\n\nThe university's faculties are also well-regarded for their research excellence, innovation, and impact. The Faculty of Engineering is particularly renowned for its expertise in areas such as electrical engineering, computer science, and mechanical engineering. The university has a long history of producing highly skilled engineers who have made significant contributions to the field of engineering.\n\nThe National Center for Scientific Research (CNR) is one of the most prestigious research institutions in Portugal, with a strong focus on scientific innovation and entrepreneurship. It was established in 1974 as part of the process of creating a more independent Portuguese science system. The CNR is responsible for managing all national research projects, including those funded by the European Union.\n\nThe CNR's annual rankings reflect the country's commitment to scientific excellence and innovation. The rankings are based on data from 2017-2018 and reflect the university's strong performance in terms of research output, collaboration with external partners, and impact on society.\n\nThe University of Porto has been recognized as a leading institution for engineering and technology education in Portugal. Its faculties are well-regarded for their innovation, excellence, and commitment to teaching and research. The university's graduates go on to work in top companies both at home and abroad, making significant contributions to the field of engineering and technology.\n\nIn conclusion, the University of Porto is a leading institution for engineering and technology education in Portugal. Its faculties are well-regarded for their innovation, excellence, and commitment to teaching and research. The university's graduates go on to work in top companies both at home and abroad, making significant contributions to the field of engineering and technology."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 122550089466, 'load_duration': 5809830, 'prompt_eval_count': 1454, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5410824000, 'eval_count': 744, 'eval_duration': 116866617000}