{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T23:29:41.878629551Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'The use of cookies on the website is necessary for the operation of its functions and for the personalization of the user experience. In addition, the use of cookies allows us to analyze your browsing behavior, which helps us improve our services and optimize their content for you. You can configure your browser to refuse or delete cookies, but if you do this, some features of the site may not work properly.\nWe use third-party vendors and hosting partners to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may also use cookies, which are small text files that are downloaded to your device and allow them to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and to personalize their content to your interests.\nWe do not collect or share your information with third-party vendors for advertising purposes unless you have given us permission to do so. However, if you are a registered member on our site, we may allow these companies to contact you through the website in order to offer you personalized advertisements and promotional offers that are relevant to your interests.\nYou can also opt out of these practices by adjusting your browser settings or by using an ad blocker. In addition, you may unsubscribe from our newsletter or promote at any time if you wish. We will not sell your data or use it for targeted advertising purposes without your consent.\nYour privacy is important to us. It is our policy to respect your privacy and follow all applicable laws regarding the collection and use of personal information. This policy describes the types of information that may be collected through this website, how we collect it, and with whom if any it may be shared. We are committed to protecting your privacy and security.\nWe may receive information about you from other sources, such as publicly available sources or information provided directly to us. This information may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, birthdate, age, gender, occupation, education level, and interests.\nYour personal information will only be used for the purposes outlined in this privacy policy or as otherwise disclosed by us when you provide it to us. We are committed to protecting your privacy and security.\nWe may use cookies and other tracking technologies on this website to improve your browsing experience, track your behavior across different websites we own, and deliver targeted advertising to you. Cookies allow us to remember your preferences and choices, such as language or region, when using our website. This helps us to better serve your individual needs.\nWe may also use third-party vendors and hosting partners to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use cookies or other tracking technologies to track your activity on our site and deliver targeted advertising to you. They may also use this information to make suggestions about our services or products. However, we do not control these cookies or tracking technologies.\nWe do not collect any sensitive personal information from children under the age of 13 through this website. If you are under 13, please do not provide any personal information on this site.\nYou may contact us with questions regarding this privacy policy at [private email address].'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 114695550072, 'load_duration': 1292315, 'prompt_eval_count': 1720, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6478458000, 'eval_count': 661, 'eval_duration': 108105507000}