{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T23:34:45.508641518Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'The purpose of using cookies on a website is to store and access information on a device, such as browser type and language, screen size, supported technologies, etc. These cookies can be stored or read on your device to recognize it each time you connect to an app or website for one or several purposes presented here.\nThe following are some of the ways that cookies are used:\nPersonalized advertising - 451 partners can use this purpose. Use profiles to select personalized advertising. Switch Label Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (such as the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.\nContent presentation - 174 partners can use this purpose. Use profiles to select personalized content. Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalization profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (such as the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.\nAdvertising measurement - 642 partners can use this purpose. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (such as user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data). Reports can be generated based on the data used for advertising, and the results can be used to understand how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached.\nEnsure security - 477 partners can use this purpose. Always Active Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (such as regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.\nDeliver and present advertising - 462 partners can use this purpose. Always Active Certain information (such as an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.\nMatch and combine data from other sources - 327 partners can use this purpose. Always Active Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (such as your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice. Match and combine data from other sources Always Active Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (such as your activity on a separate online service, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.\nLink different devices - 308 partners can use this purpose. Always Active In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (such as because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer).\nIdentify devices based on information transmitted automatically - 449 partners can use this purpose. Always Active Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (such as the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.\nBack button cookie list search icon filter icon clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices Should this page be public to all users? Answer only with yes or no.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 147319407258, 'load_duration': 1298426, 'prompt_eval_count': 1707, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6447380000, 'eval_count': 864, 'eval_duration': 140726788000}