{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T23:47:16.807332082Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe Globo website and its contents are provided "as is" and without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. In no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the use or other dealings in the Globo website and its contents.\n\n9.1. The Globo website is provided on an "as-is" and "as available" basis. The authors and copyright holders disclaim all warranties, whether express, implied or statutory, including but not limited to any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.\n9.2. In no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any damages, including but not limited to direct, indirect, special, incidental and consequential damages arising out of or in connection with the use or other dealings in the Globo website and its contents.\n9.3. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Globo website and its contents is with the user. The user should be aware that any data or information provided on this site may not be accurate, complete or up-to-date. Any use of the Globo website and its contents is done at the user\'s own risk and the user will be solely responsible for any damages to their computer system or loss of data resulting from such use.\n9.4. The Globo website and its contents may include inaccuracies or errors, including but not limited to typographical errors, inappropriate or incorrect information, data, graphics, illustrations, photographs, videos, audio clips or other materials.\n9.5. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by the user from the Globo website and its contents will create any warranty not expressly stated herein. The user should be aware that any such advice or information obtained on the Globo website and its contents is general in nature and may not be applicable to the user\'s specific situation.\n9.6. Any claims for damages arising from the use of this site and its contents are waived.\n9.7. The user agrees that it shall be solely responsible for any damage to their computer system or loss of data resulting from such use, including but not limited to any damages arising from a virus outbreak or any other unlawful activities on the user\'s part.\n9.8. This disclaimer constitutes the entire agreement between the user and the authors and copyright holders regarding the Globo website and its contents, superseding any prior agreements or understandings. No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship is created between the parties by this agreement. Neither party can terminate this disclaimer or these terms without the other\'s consent.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 118512228733, 'load_duration': 1077433, 'prompt_eval_count': 1812, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6940589000, 'eval_count': 668, 'eval_duration': 111428157000}