{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T16:11:33.118439353Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe PIORPOY Dental Teeth Practice Model is a systematic approach to the management of dental caries and periodontal diseases, which aims to provide comprehensive and efficient treatment options for patients. The model includes several blocks that are designed to address different aspects of oral health, including:\n\n1. Endodontics Block: This block deals with the diagnosis and treatment of dental caries, which is a bacterial infection of the dentin that can lead to tooth loss if left untreated. The endodontist uses specialized instruments such as drills, forceps, and file to remove infected cells and prevent further spread of the infection.\n2. Training Block: This block focuses on providing patients with comprehensive education about oral health, including proper brushing techniques, fluoride consumption, and the importance of regular dental checkups.\n3. Root Canal File Block: This block deals with the removal of infected teeth that have become too damaged to be saved. The endodontist uses a root canal file to remove the pulp of the tooth, which contains bacteria and other harmful microorganisms that can cause infection.\n4. Study Root Canal Files Block: This block involves studying the effects of various treatments on the health of the teeth and gums. The endodontist uses this information to develop new treatment options and improve patient outcomes.\n5. Resin Block: This block deals with the preparation of dental restorations, such as fillings and crowns, which are used to restore damaged teeth. The endodontist uses specialized resins that harden over time, providing a durable solution for the teeth.\n6. RCT Demo Block: This block involves demonstrating the effectiveness of root canal therapy to patients and their families. The endodontist uses a demonstration model to showcase the treatment process and its results.\n7. Student Dentistry Training Block: This block focuses on training students in the art of endodontics, including proper technique, instrument handling, and safety protocols.\n8. Low Price Block: This block involves providing affordable dental care options to patients who cannot afford expensive treatments. The endodontist uses a variety of low-cost instruments and techniques to provide effective treatment while keeping costs down.\n9. Great Value Block: This block focuses on providing high-quality dental care at an affordable price. The endodontist uses state-of-the-art technology and equipment, combined with cost-effective treatments, to ensure that patients receive the best possible care without breaking the bank.\n10. Reviews Block: This block involves gathering feedback from patients about their experiences with the practice, including positive and negative comments. The endodontist uses this information to improve patient satisfaction and increase customer loyalty.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 105037599366, 'load_duration': 1141464, 'prompt_eval_count': 1592, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5919236000, 'eval_count': 621, 'eval_duration': 98972827000}