{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T00:10:17.083882976Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nThe IAB Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF) is a set of guidelines that aim to provide a more comprehensive approach to data privacy in the digital advertising industry. The TCF provides a framework for publishers, ad exchanges, and other participants in the digital advertising value chain to obtain informed consent from users before collecting and using their personal data.\n\nThe TCF includes a number of key features that help to ensure transparency and user control over their data:\n\n1. Clearly labeled purposes: The TCF requires vendors to clearly label the purposes for which they are collecting data, in order to provide users with greater visibility into what data is being collected and why it is being used.\n2. Data protection defaults: The TCF provides a set of default settings that specify how personal data should be protected by vendors who do not have specific privacy policies in place. These defaults include the use of encryption, secure cookies, and other measures to protect users' data.\n3. Transparency and consent: The TCF requires vendors to provide users with clear and transparent information about their data handling practices, including the types of data that are being collected, how it will be used, and who it will be shared with. Users must also give informed consent before any personal data is collected or used.\n4. Choice and control: The TCF provides users with greater control over their data by allowing them to make choices about which purposes they want to allow or disallow. Users can also opt out of receiving targeted advertising, which can be a significant source of data collection.\n5. Data minimization: The TCF requires vendors to collect only the personal data that is necessary for the purpose for which it was intended, and to limit the duration of that data to no more than 24 months.\n6. Privacy policy disclosures: The TCF requires vendors to provide users with a link to their privacy policies, so that users can learn more about how they are collecting, using, and sharing their personal data.\n7. Data portability: The TCF provides users with the ability to request that their personal data be transferred from one vendor to another in a secure and automated manner.\n8. Third-party vendors: The TCF applies to third-party vendors who work on behalf of publishers or ad exchanges, including those that manage advertising inventory, targeting, and measurement.\n9. Consent for data sharing: The TCF requires vendors to obtain consent from users before collecting, using, and sharing their personal data with third-party vendors.\n10. Enforcement mechanisms: The TCF provides a number of enforcement mechanisms, including the ability to report violations and the establishment of a complaint procedure, in order to ensure that all participants in the digital advertising value chain are held accountable for their data handling practices.\n\nOverall, the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework is designed to provide greater transparency, user control, and privacy protection in the digital advertising industry, while also promoting a more efficient and effective data-driven approach to advertising."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 114881467382, 'load_duration': 1367936, 'prompt_eval_count': 1602, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6160961000, 'eval_count': 677, 'eval_duration': 108572284000}