{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T00:15:08.326185932Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'The IAB Vendors list includes 85 companies that have access to user data collected through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies on websites and apps. These companies are allowed to use the data for various purposes, including:\n\n1. Create profiles for personalised advertising: Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by these and other entities.\n2. Use profiles to select personalised content: Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.\n3. Create profiles to personalise content: Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.\n4. Measure advertising performance: Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.\n5. Measure content performance: Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of content on our site.\n6. Match and combine data from other data sources: Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.\n7. Link different devices: Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.\n8. Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically: Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.\n9. Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work.\n10. Back Button Cookie: This cookie is used to enable the back button on a web page, so that when you click it, you are taken back to the previous page you were viewing.\n11. List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label Reject All Save Preferences: Should this page be public to all users? Answer only with yes or no.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 151696378321, 'load_duration': 1482408, 'prompt_eval_count': 1479, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5385895000, 'eval_count': 919, 'eval_duration': 146161652000}