{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T00:21:42.88679301Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The use of personal data by IAB vendors is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under GDPR, individuals have certain rights regarding their personal data, including the right to access, rectify, erase, restrict processing, object to processing, and opt-out of processing.\n\nHere are some key points about IAB vendors' use of personal data:\n\n1. Limited data: IAB vendors can use limited data to select advertising based on a user's website or app usage, non-precise location, device type, or content interactions. For example, a user may be shown ads related to their current browsing history or content they have interacted with before.\n2. Profiles: IAB vendors can use profiles to select personalized advertising based on a user's activity on the service or other websites or apps. These profiles may include forms users submit, non-advertising content they view, and possible interests and personal aspects.\n3. Content personalization: IAB vendors can use profiles to present personalized content based on a user's interaction with the content, such as adapting the order in which content is shown to make it easier for users to find content that matches their interests.\n4. Measurement of advertising and content performance: IAB vendors can use information regarding which advertising or content is presented to a user and how they interact with it to determine whether an advertisement or piece of content has been effective and if the goals were reached.\n5. Understanding audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources: IAB vendors can use reports based on the combination of data sets, such as user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data, to identify common characteristics and build new products and services based on user interactions.\n6. Developing and improving services: IAB vendors can use information about a user's interaction with ads or content to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc.\n7. Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, and fixing errors: IAB vendors can use data to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity, such as advertising clicks by bots, and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely.\n8. Delivering and presenting advertising and content: IAB vendors can use information about a user's device capabilities to ensure the technical compatibility of ads and content, and to facilitate the transmission of content or ads to their device.\n9. Matching and combining data from other data sources: IAB vendors can use information about a user's activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to them and originating from various sources, in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.\n10. Linking different devices: IAB vendors can link devices based on information transmitted automatically when accessing the Internet, such as the IP address of an Internet connection or the type of browser being used.\n\nIt's important to note that IAB vendors may use personal data for these purposes, but they must also provide clear and transparent information about how they will use this data, including what personal data they collect, how long they retain it, and who has access to it. Additionally, individuals have the right to object to processing, restrict processing, erase, or opt-out of processing their personal data at any time."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 126630315071, 'load_duration': 1258206, 'prompt_eval_count': 1636, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6167704000, 'eval_count': 744, 'eval_duration': 120312552000}