{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T00:45:15.932809914Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nSHEIN is a global fashion retailer that was founded in 1996 and has since grown to become one of the world's leading fashion brands, serving over 150 countries in more than 20 languages. The company values customer satisfaction and strives to be a leader in sustainable fashion practices, with a focus on ethical labor practices and environmental responsibility. SHEIN has also been recognized for its commitment to giving back to the communities it operates in, through initiatives such as supporting women's empowerment programs and collaborating with not-for-profit organizations. The company's mission is to make the beauty of fashion accessible to all people, regardless of their socioeconomic status or cultural background.\n\nAt SHEIN, the workplace culture is based on a set of core values that emphasize customer satisfaction, accountability, respect for truth, strive for results, unite global team, value diversity and curiosity and innovation. The company encourages its employees to be open-minded and curious, with a focus on lifelong learning and forward-thinking mindset. SHEIN also recognizes the importance of cultural diversity and individual differences, and strives to create an inclusive work environment that values and respects all perspectives.\n\nSHEIN has been recognized for its commitment to sustainability, with a focus on reducing its environmental impact and promoting ethical labor practices in its supply chain. The company has implemented various initiatives aimed at reducing waste and carbon emissions, such as using recycled materials and reducing packaging waste. SHEIN has also been recognized for its commitment to giving back to the communities it operates in, through initiatives such as supporting women's empowerment programs and collaborating with not-for-profit organizations.\n\nSHEIN has a global presence and serves over 150 countries in more than 20 languages. The company has a strong commitment to sustainable fashion practices and ethical labor practices, with a focus on providing excellent products and services that exceed customer expectations and enhance the overall experience. SHEIN also values the importance of cultural diversity and individual differences, and strives to create an inclusive work environment that values and respects all perspectives.\n\nSHEIN's commitment to sustainability has been recognized through various awards and certifications, including being named as one of the world's best places to work by the World Economic Forum. The company has also been recognized for its commitment to women's empowerment, with a focus on supporting initiatives that promote gender equality and women's rights. SHEIN has also been recognized for its commitment to diversity and inclusion, with a focus on creating an inclusive work environment that values and respects all perspectives.\n\nIn summary, SHEIN is a global fashion retailer that values customer satisfaction, strives for excellence in sustainable fashion practices and ethical labor practices, and supports initiatives that promote gender equality and women's rights. The company has a strong commitment to cultural diversity and individual differences, and strives to create an inclusive work environment that values and respects all perspectives."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 99036754924, 'load_duration': 1021002, 'prompt_eval_count': 1013, 'prompt_eval_duration': 3241090000, 'eval_count': 700, 'eval_duration': 95660359000}