{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T00:49:37.213404909Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The information collected through cookies can include:\n\n1. Session cookies: These cookies are used to track your browsing activity on the website, including the pages you visit and the actions you perform. This information helps us to provide a better experience for you and also helps us to analyze how our visitors engage with our content.\n2. Persistent cookies: These cookies remain on your device after you close your browser, which allows us to remember your preferences and settings across visits. For example, if you save your login information in a persistent cookie, we can automatically log you in next time you visit the site.\n3. Third-party cookies: These are cookies set by third parties that are not affiliated with our website. They can be used to track your browsing activity across multiple websites and platforms.\n4. Analytics cookies: These cookies help us to measure and analyze how our visitors engage with our content, including the pages they visit, the actions they perform, and the features they use. This information helps us to improve the user experience and optimize our content for better performance.\n5. Advertising cookies: These cookies are used by advertisers to deliver targeted ads based on your interests and browsing history. They can also be used to track your browsing activity across multiple websites and platforms.\n6. Social media cookies: These cookies are set by social media platforms that you may use while visiting our site, such as Facebook or Twitter. They allow these platforms to recognize you and display targeted content on their platforms.\n7. Targeting cookies: These cookies can be used by advertisers to deliver targeted ads based on your interests and browsing history. They can also be used to track your browsing activity across multiple websites and platforms.\n\nTo manage your cookie settings, you can typically do so through your browser's privacy settings or by visiting the website's privacy policy page. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 69602508140, 'load_duration': 1061523, 'prompt_eval_count': 1437, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5228238000, 'eval_count': 425, 'eval_duration': 64234806000}