{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T01:22:32.474516707Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nThe Sport Coat is a stylish and versatile garment that can be worn in various settings, from casual workwear to formal events. It is available in different styles and fits, such as slim, classic, and extra-long. The men's suits and tuxedos on sale and clearance at Macy's offer a great opportunity for men who want to update their wardrobe with stylish and affordable options.\n\nFor job interviews or special events, the Sport Coat is a must-have piece of clothing that can make a significant impact on one's appearance. It is available in various styles, such as slim, classic, and extra-long, making it easy for men to choose the perfect fit for their needs. The dress shirts, blazers, and tuxedos are also available on sale and clearance, offering men a great opportunity to update their wardrobe with stylish and affordable options.\n\nIn addition, the Sport Coat is a versatile garment that can be worn in various settings, from casual workwear to formal events. It is available in different styles and fits, such as slim, classic, and extra-long, making it easy for men to choose the perfect fit for their needs. The dress shirts, blazers, and tuxedos are also available on sale and clearance, offering men a great opportunity to update their wardrobe with stylish and affordable options.\n\nThe Sport Coat is a stylish and versatile garment that can be worn in various settings, from casual workwear to formal events. It is available in different styles and fits, such as slim, classic, and extra-long, making it easy for men to choose the perfect fit for their needs. The dress shirts, blazers, and tuxedos are also available on sale and clearance, offering men a great opportunity to update their wardrobe with stylish and affordable options.\n\nIn conclusion, the Sport Coat is a versatile and stylish garment that can be worn in various settings, from casual workwear to formal events. It is available in different styles and fits, such as slim, classic, and extra-long, making it easy for men to choose the perfect fit for their needs. The dress shirts, blazers, and tuxedos are also available on sale and clearance, offering men a great opportunity to update their wardrobe with stylish and affordable options."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 96139987787, 'load_duration': 1222135, 'prompt_eval_count': 1773, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6662784000, 'eval_count': 549, 'eval_duration': 89369039000}