{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T01:52:39.369683101Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'Gap × Doen High Rise Denim Trousers is a 6-1/2 inch wide pair of trousers made from high rise denim that provides a comfortable and stylish fit for the modern man. The trousers are available in a range of colors including black, white, gray, and navy, making them a great choice for those who want to add a touch of sophistication to their wardrobe.\nThe trousers have a lightweight material that is both comfortable and breathable, making them perfect for everyday wear. The pants are also highly versatile, as they can be worn with a variety of different tops, including t-shirts, sweatshirts, and button-down shirts.\nOne of the standout features of Gap × Doen High Rise Denim Trousers is their high rise denim material. This material provides a comfortable fit that allows for a great balance between comfort and style. The trousers also feature a unique design, with a raised center panel and side stripes that give them a modern and stylish look.\nAnother great aspect of Gap × Doen High Rise Denim Trousers is their versatility. These trousers are highly versatile and can be worn in a variety of different settings. They can be dressed up or down, making them perfect for both casual and formal events. Additionally, the trousers are available in a range of colors, including black, white, gray, and navy, giving them a great versatility in terms of color options.\nGap × Doen High Rise Denim Trousers also have a number of other benefits that make them a great choice for modern men. For example, the trousers are lightweight and breathable, making them perfect for everyday wear. They also feature a unique design, with a raised center panel and side stripes that give them a modern and stylish look. Additionally, the trousers are available in a range of colors, including black, white, gray, and navy, giving them a great versatility in terms of color options.\nOverall, Gap × Doen High Rise Denim Trousers are a great choice for modern men who want to add a touch of sophistication to their wardrobe. The trousers are comfortable, versatile, and available in a range of colors, making them perfect for everyday wear or special events.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 94635905792, 'load_duration': 1236375, 'prompt_eval_count': 1861, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7126129000, 'eval_count': 529, 'eval_duration': 87365067000}