{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T01:56:48.398222268Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The following text is the set of strings extracted from the HTML file of a webpage:\n\n* About | Gap Inc. Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip to main footer\n* Gap Inc. USA opens modal window to select language open menu close menu\n* About Overview History Leadership View child links Executive Leadership Team Board of Directors Board Committee Composition Old Navy Gap Banana Republic Athleta Values Overview Sustainability View child links Environmental, Social and Governance Resources Empowering Women Enabling Opportunity Enriching Communities ESG Report Equality & Belonging View child links Our Commitments People Data Equality and Belonging Groups Equality & Belonging Annual Report Color Proud Council Equal Pay Supplier Inclusion Program Careers Overview Old Navy Gap Banana Republic Athleta Gap Inc. Benefits Talent Areas View child links Technology Global Supply Chain Culture Blog Job Search View child links My Saved Jobs Seasonal Hiring Investors Overview Financial Information View child links Quarterly Results Annual Reports SEC Filings News and Events View child links Press Releases Events Stock Information Real Estate Analyst Coverage Shareholder Services Governance Corporate Compliance News All News Company Design People Technology Values Press Releases Media Center USA opens modal window to select language open search close search Search Site: Creating products and experiences that shape culture since 1969. three women lying in the grass\n* Our history In 1969, inclusivity meant not just finding a pair of jeans that fit founder Don Fisher’s 6'4\xa0frame, but\xa0creating a retail experience that fit for all. It meant Doris Fisher having the same equity stake in the company as her husband, back when most women weren’t expected in the building, let alone in the board room. Explore our history of championing inclusion in the over 50\xa0years since. see how it all started Do More Than Sell Clothes We believe that when you decide that inclusion isn’t optional, not only do the gaps between us close, but a whole new world of possibilities opens. Discover how we’re weaving inclusion into everything we do.\n* Accept additional cookies Reject additional cookies Your Browser Opt-Out Preference Is Honored Privacy Preference Page Privacy Preference Page Gap Inc. and its family of brands (Gap, Old Navy, Banana Republic, and Athleta) may share personal information with other parties to provide analytics services and serve ads on our behalf targeted to your interests and based on your online activities. Information may be linked to your browser or device (like cookies and similar tracking technologies) and related to you if you have a customer account or interact with us in other ways. These parties may use the information for their own marketing and to offer products and services on our sites and apps. Information is not shared for money, but certain uses may be deemed the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information under applicable privacy laws. You can opt-out of these uses, by taking the steps below. Please note that this Gapinc.com site (www.gapinc.com) runs independently from our other sites. The steps below will only apply to information related to your access and use of this site and Gapinc.com interactions. 1. Slide the toggle above to the left and click “Submit” to stop the sharing of information linked to your browser or device. Please keep in mind that these tools are limited to the browser or device you’re using because they work off your browser ID and device ID. If you’re not signed-in or don’t have a customer account, you will need to take this step on each browser and device you use. You can also stop this sharing by visiting our sites with an opt-out preference enabled in your browser (like the Global Privacy Control). If enabled, we’ll display a banner that says “Your Browser Opt-Out Preference Is Honored.” 2. Please then come back to this page and use this webform to provide information necessary to stop the sharing of other information that may be related to you. Please visit our Privacy Policy for more on our information practices. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Submit Should this page be public to all users? Answer only with yes or no."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 163740946475, 'load_duration': 1286565, 'prompt_eval_count': 1555, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6029580000, 'eval_count': 979, 'eval_duration': 157574447000}