{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T02:18:11.005541899Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'The new UNIQLO collection of graphic designs features Peanuts characters transformed into different personas under the theme "You Can Be Anything!" Collaborations UNIQLO x Marimekko UNIQLO and Marimekko are pleased to announce their new limited-edition collection; just in time for the joyful summer sun.\n\nINES DE LA FRESSANGE Last Collection Concluding a ten-year journey of French chic. Arriving Monday |\n\nUNIQLO × Sweden Athlete Collection The high-performance simplicity of LifeWear, developed together with Sweden\'s top athletes DISCOVER OUR COLLABORATIONS Featured collections UNIQLO Masterpiece | Linen Shirt Fine linen in a range of colours. Bra tops collection Our bra tops are designed for everyday comfort, thanks to their ultra-functional built-in support. UNIQLO Masterpiece | Ultra Stretch AIRism Sleeveless Dress This fit-and-flare dress uses Ultra Stretch to create a neat design, while high-performance AIRism keeps you feeling fresh. LifeWear Magazine | Unique Clothing Unique clothing changes the rules. And changing the rules changes our lives. Here’s another story of a masterpiece, manufactured by UNIQLO to this day. The UNIQLO Today blog Celebrate 40 years of UNIQLO with Arigato Festival! For our 40th anniversary, we’re celebrating with Arigato Festival to show the depth of our appreciation. We wouldn’t be here without you.\n\nThe story behind our linen Linen is one of the world\'s most enduringly popular fabrics, but what does it bring to your wardrobe that other time-tested fabrics do not? UNIQLO and Supima® Cotton We talked to some of the farmers who are harvesting the Supima® cotton that will eventually be made into UNIQLO products. Shopping made easy Online shopping guide Learn about our delivery and payment options, returns policy, and so much more! Subscribe to our newsletter for 10 € off your first online order Stay up-to-date with all of our special offers, collection launches, and exciting new products with our newsletter. Try products for free! When you shop at UNIQLO and leave a review you will be automatically entered into a draw to win a prize package worth €50!\n\nCookies Details\u200e Aggregated Analytics Always Active These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. None of this information can be used to identify you.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 106889891400, 'load_duration': 1290595, 'prompt_eval_count': 1499, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5359504000, 'eval_count': 635, 'eval_duration': 101379354000}