{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T02:45:18.57208884Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The Indian Premier League (IPL) is a professional Twenty20 cricket league in India, founded in 2008 as a replacement for the Indian Cricket League. The IPL features eight teams from different cities in India, and the tournament is broadcast on Star Sports, Sony Sports, and Zee Sports channels. The IPL has been a major sporting event in India since its inception and has gained immense popularity among cricket fans and viewers worldwide.\nGitanas Nausėda is a Lithuanian politician who was elected as the president of Lithuania for a second term on June 2, 2019. He is the first person to be elected to this position twice in the history of Lithuania. Before his presidency, Nausėda served as the mayor of Vilnius from 2009 to 2015 and was also a member of Seimas, the parliament of Lithuania.\nThe landslide disaster in Papua New Guinea's Enga Province left thousands of people missing and presumed dead after an earthquake on June 2, 2019. The earthquake struck at around midnight local time, with its epicenter located near the town of Oroka. The earthquake was felt as far away as Australia, New Zealand, and Japan, and caused significant damage in the region.\nThe ongoing Israel-Hamas war timeline refers to the conflict between Israel and Hamas that began in June 2014. The conflict started when Israel launched airstrikes against Hamas targets in the Gaza Strip, leading to widespread violence and civilian casualties. Since then, both sides have been engaged in a series of attacks and counter-attacks, with no clear resolution in sight.\nThe ongoing India-Pakistan tension began to escalate in June 2019 after the Indian military launched airstrikes against Pakistani targets in Jammu and Kashmir's Ladakh region. The conflict has led to a significant increase in tensions between the two countries, with both sides accusing each other of aggression and violating ceasefire agreements.\nThe ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict began in June 2014 when Ukraine annexed Crimea from Russia. Since then, both sides have been engaged in a series of military clashes, with no clear resolution in sight. The conflict has led to significant humanitarian suffering and economic hardship in the region, with millions displaced and many innocent civilians caught in the crossfire.\nThe ongoing India-China tension began in June 2019 when China retaliated against India's recent military exercises in the disputed territory of Ladakh. The Chinese government accused India of violating a ceasefire agreement and threatened to launch its own military action against India. Since then, both sides have been engaged in a series of diplomatic and military confrontations, with no clear resolution in sight.\nThe ongoing Syria-Turkey tension began in June 2018 when Turkey launched an offensive against Kurdish forces in the northeastern city of Afrin. The conflict has led to significant humanitarian suffering and economic hardship in the region, with millions displaced and many innocent civilians caught in the crossfire. Since then, both sides have been engaged in a series of attacks and counter-attacks, with no clear resolution in sight.\nThe ongoing Libya-Turkey tension began in June 2019 when Turkey launched its own military action against Libyan forces in the eastern city of al-Bab. The conflict has led to significant humanitarian suffering and economic hardship in the region, with millions displaced and many innocent civilians caught in the crossfire. Since then, both sides have been engaged in a series of attacks and counter-attacks, with no clear resolution in sight.\nThe ongoing Ukraine-Russia tension began in June 2014 when Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine. Since then, both sides have been engaged in a series of military clashes, with no clear resolution in sight. The conflict has led to significant humanitarian suffering and economic hardship in the region, with millions displaced and many innocent civilians caught in the crossfire.\nThe ongoing Italy-Libya tension began in June 2019 when Italy launched its own military action against Libyan forces in the eastern city of al-Bab. The conflict has led to significant humanitarian suffering and economic hardship in the region, with millions displaced and many innocent civilians caught in the crossfire. Since then, both sides have been engaged in a series of attacks and counter-attacks, with no clear resolution in sight.\nThe ongoing South Korea-North Korea tension began in June 2018 when North Korea launched its own military action against South Korean forces in the eastern city of Yeonpyeong. The conflict has led to significant humanitarian suffering and economic hardship in the region, with millions displaced and many innocent civilians caught in the crossfire. Since then, both sides have been engaged in a series of attacks and counter-attacks, with no clear resolution in sight."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 195018028771, 'load_duration': 1275336, 'prompt_eval_count': 1685, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6397777000, 'eval_count': 1154, 'eval_duration': 188475733000}