{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T03:59:59.778176905Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nThe text you provided contains a variety of information related to Yahoo's Account Settings, including recent activity, connected devices and apps, and security measures. Here are the main points:\n\n1. Recent Activity: This section provides an overview of your recent activity on Yahoo, including changes made to your account, recent logins, and recent updates to your account settings.\n2. Connected Devices and Apps: This section allows you to view and manage all the devices and apps that are connected to your Yahoo account. If you see something suspicious, you can take action here to secure your account.\n3. Recent Activity Lock-Close: This feature allows you to lock or close your account if there is any suspicious activity detected.\n4. Email Added Authorization: This section allows you to manage emails that have been added to your account for notifications and updates.\n5. Chrome, Windows Current Device: This section shows the current device you are using to access Yahoo, along with its location.\n6. Espinho, Aveiro, Portugal: This is the location where the device is currently located.\n7. View all recent activities: This allows you to view all the recent activity on your account, including changes made to your account settings and recent logins.\n8. Review your connected devices and apps: This section allows you to view and manage all the devices and apps that are connected to your Yahoo account. If you see something suspicious, you can take action here to secure your account.\n9. Help: This section provides assistance with common tasks such as enabling microphone access for voice search and connecting a new device.\n10. Waiting for permission: This message appears if there is any suspicious activity detected on your account. It allows you to wait for permission before taking further action.\n11. TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Bulgarian Hindi Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Turkish Finnish Lithuanian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian: This message appears if there is any suspicious activity detected on your account. It allows you to translate the message with different languages.\n12. Bing Webmaster Portal Back: This section provides access to the Bing Webmaster Portal, which allows you to manage your website's search engine ranking and performance.\n13. Should this page be public to all users? Answer only with yes or no.: This section allows you to set whether a specific page should be accessible to all users or not."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 92255910715, 'load_duration': 1170834, 'prompt_eval_count': 1372, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4809717000, 'eval_count': 582, 'eval_duration': 87305174000}