{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T04:04:49.855461763Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe purposes listed in the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework are as follows:\n\n1. Ad personalization: This purpose allows companies to use your data to create a profile of your interests, preferences, and behaviors, which can then be used to serve you more relevant ads.\n2. Interest-based advertising: This purpose allows companies to use your data to show you targeted ads based on your interests and preferences.\n3. Measurement and analysis: This purpose allows companies to use your data for internal analytics purposes, such as measuring the effectiveness of their campaigns.\n4. Remarketing: This purpose allows companies to use your data to show you targeted ads based on your past interactions with them, even if you have not visited their site in a while.\n5. Delivery optimization: This purpose allows companies to use your data to optimize the delivery of content and ads to you, such as by serving you more relevant ads or by reducing latency.\n6. Advertising attribution: This purpose allows companies to use your data to attribute credit for conversions to the specific advertisement that drove them, which can help them understand the effectiveness of their campaigns.\n7. Fraud prevention and detection: This purpose allows companies to use your data to detect and prevent fraudulent activity, such as clickfraud or account takeover.\n8. Content personalization: This purpose allows companies to use your data to serve you more relevant content based on your interests and preferences.\n9. Targeted content delivery: This purpose allows companies to use your data to deliver targeted content to you, such as news articles or product recommendations.\n10. Enhanced user experience: This purpose allows companies to use your data to improve the overall user experience by personalizing the ads and content they serve to you.\n11. Ad inventory optimization: This purpose allows companies to use your data to optimize their ad inventory, such as by selecting which types of ads to display or when to show them.\n12. Fraud prevention and detection: This purpose allows companies to use your data to detect and prevent fraudulent activity, such as clickfraud or account takeover.\n13. Interest-based targeting: This purpose allows companies to use your data to serve you targeted ads based on your interests and preferences.\n14. Behavioral targeting: This purpose allows companies to use your data to serve you targeted ads based on your behavior, such as the websites you visit or the apps you use.\n15. Audience segmentation: This purpose allows companies to use your data to segment their audience and deliver more targeted advertising to specific groups.\n16. Ad retargeting: This purpose allows companies to use your data to retarget you with ads even if you have not visited their site in a while.\n17. Social media targeting: This purpose allows companies to use your data to serve you targeted ads on social media platforms based on your interests and preferences.\n18. In-app messaging: This purpose allows companies to use your data to deliver personalized messages within their apps or mobile websites.\n19. Dynamic remarketing: This purpose allows companies to use your data to serve you targeted ads based on your past interactions with them, even if you have not visited their site in a while.\n20. Advertiser-level targeting: This purpose allows companies to use your data to deliver more targeted advertising at the advertiser level, such as by selecting which types of ads to display or when to show them.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 112906989610, 'load_duration': 1387646, 'prompt_eval_count': 1037, 'prompt_eval_duration': 3681131000, 'eval_count': 780, 'eval_duration': 109079711000}