{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T04:14:37.529276018Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The following are the purposes for which Microsoft may use your data when you interact with its services:\n\n1. To personalize your experience (34): This purpose is used to build and improve profiles about you, including possible interests and personal aspects. Your profile can be used to present content that appears more relevant based on your interests.\n2. To measure advertising performance (151): Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached.\n3. To measure content performance (70): This purpose is used to determine whether the content that appears on the service, such as articles, videos, podcasts, and product descriptions, was relevant to your interests.\n4. To understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (104): Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets, such as user profiles, statistics, market research, and analytics data, about your interactions and those of other users with advertising or content to identify common characteristics.\n5. To develop and improve services (119): Information about your activity on the service, such as interaction with ads or content, can be used to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc.\n6. To use limited data to select content (31): Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you have been interacting with (e.g., to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).\n7. To use precise geolocation data (56): With your acceptance, your precise location within a radius of less than 500 meters may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.\n8. Actively scan device characteristics for identification (21): Active scanning of device characteristics to identify your device can be used to distinguish it from other devices and to ensure that the content or ad is presented to you only on devices that are compatible with it.\n9. Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (111): Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity, such as regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots, and to ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher, or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads.\n10. Match and combine data from other data sources (99): Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources, such as your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey.\n11. Link different devices (92): In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device may be considered linked to other devices that belong to you or your household, such as because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer.\n12. Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (100): Your device may be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet, such as the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using.\n\nPlease note that these purposes are not exhaustive and there may be other reasons why Microsoft may use your data. If you have any concerns about how Microsoft collects, uses, or shares your data, please review Microsoft's privacy statement at [privacystatement URL]."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 134103689030, 'load_duration': 1328416, 'prompt_eval_count': 1480, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5350253000, 'eval_count': 809, 'eval_duration': 128612523000}