{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T04:21:05.15499445Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "In summary, the following are the purposes of using personal data in the context of online advertising:\n1. Deliver targeted advertisements: This purpose allows companies to use personal data to deliver targeted advertisements to users who are more likely to be interested in the content they are viewing or the products they are searching for.\n2. Create and improve user profiles: This purpose allows companies to create and update user profiles based on their interactions with the website or app, which can help them better understand the user's interests and preferences and serve more relevant advertisements in the future.\n3. Measure advertising performance: This purpose allows companies to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns by tracking metrics such as the number of people who saw an ad, clicked on it, or converted into a sale.\n4. Measure content performance: This purpose allows companies to measure the effectiveness of their content in reaching its intended audience and matching user interests, which can help them improve the relevance of their content over time.\n5. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources: This purpose allows companies to generate reports based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding users' interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics such as which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or certain contents.\n6. Develop and improve services: This purpose allows companies to use information about users' activity on their service, such as interactions with ads or content, to improve their products and services and build new ones based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc.\n7. Use limited data to select content: This purpose allows companies to use limited data, such as the website or app a user is using, their non-precise location, their device type, or which content they are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or article is presented to them).\n8. Use precise geolocation data: This purpose allows companies to use your precise location within a radius of less than 500 meters to deliver targeted advertisements based on your location.\n9. Actively scan device characteristics for identification: This purpose allows companies to actively scan device characteristics such as installed fonts or plugins, and type of browser you are using to identify your device and deliver more relevant advertisements.\n10. Link different devices: This purpose allows companies to link your device with other devices that belong to you or your household based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for example, IP address or type of browser).\n11. Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically: This purpose allows companies to identify your device based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for example, IP address or type of browser)."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 101939756926, 'load_duration': 1143224, 'prompt_eval_count': 1540, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5557824000, 'eval_count': 614, 'eval_duration': 96238708000}