{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T04:24:37.997788031Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nQuora is a global knowledge sharing platform with over 400 million monthly unique visitors, connecting people to share insights on various topics and providing a unique platform for learning, sharing, and connecting with others. Poe lets people ask questions, get instant answers, and have back-and-forth conversations with AI. Our values At Quora, every team member embodies these core values. We believe this makes us successful and work so synchronously together.\n\nAwareness We are rigorous in our decisions and candid in our communication. Drive We aim high and do whatever it takes to get things done. Agility We are nimble in our processes and systems, ready to adapt to a changing world. Pragmatism We stay grounded in the outcomes that truly matter for our mission. Mission First We place long-term, collective impact ahead of personal achievement. Why Quora? Visit our " Why Quora " page to read firsthand accounts from our employees about their experiences, what they appreciate most about our culture, and why they love working with us. Remote first All of our positions can be performed remotely and we support employment from multiple countries around the world . (For any rare exceptions that do require work from a specific location, it will be noted explicitly in the individual position\'s job description.) However, because we work in highly collaborative product teams, we do value synchronous coordination and need for people to be able to talk to each other in real time. We have designated 9am to 3pm Pacific Time as " coordination hours ", and most employees will be expected to be available for meetings and impromptu communication during this time, regardless of where they are located. While we are a remote company first, we recognize that working for home isn’t for everyone. To support employees in selecting the best space for their working style and productivity, we are excited to offer the Coworking Space Program. Eligible employees can now apply for reimbursement of a coworking space or for use of a private office at a WeWork paid by Quora. Employees will receive a document outlining the eligibility requirements, how to apply, and program FAQ. Note: our career page\'s integration with external job boards requires a location for each job application.\n\nOur virtual onsites typically occur over one or two days. During your onsite, you will meet a wide range of interviewers from across the company in a series of interviews. This stage allows you to showcase all aspects of your skills and gives you insight on the types of things you will be working on day-to-day. Final Conversations Following the final onsite interview, candidates who successfully progress to the next stage will have the chance to connect with their future colleagues to answer any last minute questions or concerns. This final stage of the process provides a deeper understanding of the company culture and facilitates a seamless transition into your new role should you accept our offer. Your first day! Welcome to Quora! We’re so excited you’ll be joining us. Leading up to your first day, you will receive some onboarding information from us to ensure you are all set up and ready to go for your first day. We can\'t wait to work with you! If you think this sounds like you, please browse our open jobs below. We can\'t wait to hear from you! See Open Positions Quora is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 131229587137, 'load_duration': 1259065, 'prompt_eval_count': 1557, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6076694000, 'eval_count': 786, 'eval_duration': 125010685000}