{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T04:26:38.464957719Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "DeepL Translator is a comprehensive translation service that offers high-quality translations in real-time. It uses the latest machine learning algorithms and natural language processing techniques to ensure accurate and efficient translation. Additionally, DeepL offers a range of features and tools that make it easy for businesses to integrate translation into their workflows.\n\nOne of the key benefits of using DeepL is its ability to translate large volumes of text in real-time. This makes it ideal for use cases such as document translation, where speed is crucial. Additionally, DeepL offers a range of features that make it easy to customize and optimize the translation process, such as glossaries, name recognition, and context-based translation.\n\nAnother benefit of using DeepL is its ability to integrate with other tools and systems. It can be easily integrated with other business applications, such as Microsoft Office, Google Workspace, and SAP, making it a cost-effective solution for organizations that need to translate large volumes of text.\n\nDeepL also offers a range of pricing plans that cater to different business needs. Its API plans allow for automated translation, which can be integrated with other systems to streamline the translation process. Additionally, its free trial plan allows businesses to test the service and see if it is right for their organization.\n\nIn terms of data security, DeepL takes several measures to protect its customers' data. Its servers are located in Finland, a country known for its strong cybersecurity laws and regulations. Additionally, all data transferred between DeepL Pro subscribers and the infrastructure is encrypted using state-of-the-art TLS encryption.\n\nDeepL also offers a range of certifications and compliance standards, such as ISO 27001, which ensures that its security measures are up to date and effective. Its servers are also operated in a co-location model with an ISO 27001 certified data center operator, which is audited by DeepL regularly.\n\nOverall, DeepL Translator is a comprehensive translation service that offers high-quality translations in real-time. It has a range of features and tools that make it easy for businesses to integrate translation into their workflows, as well as strong data security measures to protect its customers' data."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 70701033009, 'load_duration': 1195525, 'prompt_eval_count': 1072, 'prompt_eval_duration': 3715999000, 'eval_count': 489, 'eval_duration': 66849690000}