{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T05:19:54.073285532Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The article provides information on the company culture of wikiHow, a website that provides free and easy-to-follow instructions and articles on various topics. The author describes the company's values, including its commitment to high-quality content, collaboration, and inclusivity. It also mentions the company's mission to help millions of people learn how to do anything and its efforts to hire employees who are passionate about this mission.\n\nThe article highlights several key aspects of wikiHow's culture, including:\n\n1. Value-driven decision making: The author notes that wikiHow makes decisions based on its values, such as high-quality content and collaboration. This commitment to these values is reflected in the company's policies and practices.\n2. Inclusive environment: The author describes a culture of inclusivity at wikiHow, where all employees are valued and respected regardless of their background or identity. This includes diversity initiatives and efforts to create an inclusive workplace.\n3. Passionate employees: The author notes that wikiHow hires employees who are passionate about helping others learn and grow. This commitment to employee satisfaction is reflected in the company's recruitment and retention strategies.\n4. Remote work: The author mentions that wikiHow has a remote work policy, allowing employees to work from anywhere on the West Coast. This flexibility is valued as it allows employees to balance their work responsibilities with their personal lives.\n5. Gender-balanced team: The author notes that wikiHow has a gender-balanced team, which helps ensure diverse perspectives and ideas are represented in decision making.\n6. Continuous learning: The author describes a culture of continuous learning at wikiHow, where employees are encouraged to learn new skills and contribute to the company's success. This commitment to employee development is reflected in the company's training and development programs.\n7. Volunteer opportunities: The author notes that wikiHow offers volunteer opportunities for employees to help those in need, further reflecting its commitment to helping others and making a positive impact in their community.\n\nOverall, the article provides a comprehensive overview of wikiHow's company culture and highlights several key aspects that contribute to its success."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 89049837600, 'load_duration': 1316476, 'prompt_eval_count': 1920, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7190493000, 'eval_count': 495, 'eval_duration': 81720255000}