{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-10T05:32:51.571909241Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe text appears to be a FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) section for Reverso, a website that provides translation services. The questions cover various aspects of the service, including account management, subscription benefits, payment and invoices, cancellation, and data protection.\n\nHere are some of the answers to the questions:\n\n* How can I help?\nReverso FAQ Built with Reverso FAQ Hello, how can we help? Account & Subscription Reverso Premium benefits Document translation To learn more about Reverso → click here Account & Subscription Can’t connect to Premium? Payment & Invoices? How to cancel renewal ? How can I purchase a Reverso subscription? I purchased Premium, but it doesn’t show on my account. What should I do? What should I do if my payment is declined or fails? How do I cancel my Reverso subscription? Where do I find my invoice? What is the price of the subscription renewal? Can I get a refund, if my subscription renewed, even though I don’t use it? How can I use login via social networks to create and manage my account? Reverso Premium benefits What is included in my Premium subscription? Where can I translate, rephrase, and correct my texts? How do I enjoy all my benefits ? What is included in my Premium subscription? Can I try Premium for free before buying a subscription? Where can I find AI-based Correction and Rephraser features? Full list of benefits in our user guide: User Guide - Reverso Premium Document translation How does credit system work? How do I try for free? What file formats & languages are supported? Is there a maximum file size that I can translate? Subscription & Credits How does the credit system work? Which plan should I choose for a one-time project? There was a problem with my document and I lost my paid credits, is there a way to get them back ? For more info about how to manage your subscription click here . Advanced features How do I modify my document before download and how does Reverso documents learn from my translation revisions? What is OCR and when does it apply ? Layout preservation What do I do, if upon PDF translation I discover major layout shifts ? How can I improve my layout preservation from a DOCX file ? Data protection & GDPR How does Reverso guarantee the confidentiality of my translations? How is my data protected? Did not find what you were looking for? Contact us here → Notion uses cookies. See Cookie Notice for details. Accept all Reject all TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Polish Bulgarian Hindi Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Turkish Finnish Lithuanian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back Should this page be public to all users? Answer only with yes or no.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 92008547661, 'load_duration': 1361667, 'prompt_eval_count': 698, 'prompt_eval_duration': 2280797000, 'eval_count': 710, 'eval_duration': 89588787000}