{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T17:08:32.583334184Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "Settings Privacy Policy Etsy is committed to respecting your privacy while providing you with the best experience on our platform. Here's what we use cookies and similar technologies for, how you can control them, and more about our policies and practices: Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy Privacy Policy Accept Your Etsy Privacy Settings In order to give you the best experience, we use cookies and similar technologies for performance, analytics, personalization, advertising, and to help our site function. Want to know more? Read our Cookie Policy . You can change your preferences any time in your Account settings. Custom Duties and Taxes for the European Union Etsy collects VAT from EU buyers on orders that meet the following criteria: The purchase is for a physical item The item is delivered to a location in the EU The goods are dispatched from outside the EU The total value of the package (including gift wrap but excluding delivery) is less than or equal to €150 Etsy also collects VAT when the seller is located outside of the EU but is shipping goods that are located within the EU (regardless of value). VAT is applied to the full order total which includes item price, postage, and gift wrap charges. For orders over €150 imported into the EU, customs duties and VAT will be collected by the postal operator at delivery. How VAT appears at checkout If you set your region on Etsy to a country in the EU, you’ll see VAT included on the item price for listings under €150 from shops outside the EU. If the item is being shipped from the EU, but the seller is located outside of the EU, you’ll see VAT included on the listing’s item price and at checkout. Keep in mind, the VAT shown before purchase is an estimated value. The final amount of VAT charged by Etsy will be calculated at checkout and is determined by several things, including: The seller’s location Where the item is being shipped from Where the item is being shipped to The type of item you’re buying the VAT rate on those types of items in the country you’re shipping to Learn more about VAT on physical items . Etsy also collects VAT on the sale of digital items delivered via automatic download to buyers in the EU. Learn more about VAT on digital items . Loading Edit item Save Add to collection Add to registry Loading Hmm, something went wrong. Try that again. Create new collection Done Create new collection Name You've already used that name Collection name is too long 50 Set to private? Keep collections to yourself or inspire other shoppers! Keep in mind that anyone can view public collections—they may also appear in recommendations and other places. View Etsy’s Privacy Policy Set to private? Public Cancel Create collection Make your collection public? Public collections can be seen by the public, including other shoppers, and may show up in recommendations and other places. Cancel Make Public TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Polish Bulgarian Hindi Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Turkish Finnish Lithuanian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back Should this page be public to all users? Answer only with yes or no."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 140291907454, 'load_duration': 1359257, 'prompt_eval_count': 1917, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7187255000, 'eval_count': 808, 'eval_duration': 132961652000}