{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T18:53:47.010018643Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'The Dow Jones Newswires are a collection of financial news sources that provide real-time market data and updates on various markets, including stocks, bonds, commodities, currencies, and other financial instruments. These news sources are widely used by traders, investors, and financial analysts to stay informed about market trends, company performance, and economic indicators.\n\nSome of the most popular Dow Jones Newswires include:\n\n1. Market Watch: This website provides real-time market data, including stock prices, trading volumes, and other market metrics. It also features news stories and analysis on various financial instruments.\n2. Bloomberg: This website provides comprehensive market data, news, and analysis on global markets. It covers a wide range of financial instruments, including stocks, bonds, commodities, currencies, and other assets.\n3. Reuters: This website provides real-time market data, news, and analysis on global markets. It covers a wide range of financial instruments, including stocks, bonds, commodities, currencies, and other assets.\n4. Yahoo Finance: This website provides real-time market data, news, and analysis on various financial instruments. It also features tools for investors to track their portfolios and make informed trading decisions.\n5. CNBC: This website provides news, analysis, and market commentary on global markets. It covers a wide range of financial instruments, including stocks, bonds, commodities, currencies, and other assets.\n6. Goldman Sachs: This website provides real-time market data, news, and analysis on global markets. It covers a wide range of financial instruments, including stocks, bonds, commodities, currencies, and other assets.\n7. The Wall Street Journal: This newspaper provides news, analysis, and market commentary on global markets. It covers a wide range of financial instruments, including stocks, bonds, commodities, currencies, and other assets.\n8. Bloomberg News: This website provides real-time market data, news, and analysis on global markets. It covers a wide range of financial instruments, including stocks, bonds, commodities, currencies, and other assets.\n9. The Financial Times: This newspaper provides news, analysis, and market commentary on global markets. It covers a wide range of financial instruments, including stocks, bonds, commodities, currencies, and other assets.\n10. Marketplace: This website provides real-time market data, news, and analysis on various financial instruments. It also features tools for investors to track their portfolios and make informed trading decisions.\n\nThese Dow Jones Newswires provide a wealth of information for investors and traders who want to stay informed about the latest market trends and economic indicators. They are widely used by financial professionals, hedge fund managers, and individual investors alike.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 114358731920, 'load_duration': 1413247, 'prompt_eval_count': 1823, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6984914000, 'eval_count': 649, 'eval_duration': 107265934000}