{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T19:03:52.453812951Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'TurboTax is an online tax preparation software offered by Intuit, a leading provider of financial software and accounting solutions. It allows users to prepare their tax returns easily and efficiently using its comprehensive features and user-friendly interface. TurboTax offers various products for different tax situations, including the Deluxe Edition, which is recommended for most individuals, and the Business Edition, which is designed specifically for self-employed individuals or small business owners.\n\nHere are some of the key features of TurboTax:\n\n1. Fast Refunds: TurboTax offers fast refunds with e-file and direct deposit options. The IRS typically issues more than 9 out of 10 refunds within 21 days, making it a convenient option for users who want to receive their tax refunds quickly.\n2. Average Refund Amount: Based on IRS data date ending February 17th, 2023, the average refund amount for American taxpayers is $3,140. However, this amount may not reflect the actual refund amount received by users.\n3. Customer Service and Product Support: TurboTax offers various customer service and product support options, including phone, email, chat, and online support. The hours of operation vary depending on the time of year.\n4. Deduct From Your Federal or State Refund (if applicable): If users choose to use this payment method, a $40 Refund Processing Service fee may apply. Prices are subject to change without notice.\n5. Imports Financial Data: TurboTax allows users to import financial data from participating companies; however, Quicken and QuickBooks import options are not available for TurboTax installed on a Mac.\n6. Audit Defense: This is an optional service offered by TaxResources, Inc., dba Tax Audit, which provides a third-party add-on to defend against tax audits. See Membership Agreements at https://turbotax.intuit.com/corp/softwarelicense/ for service terms and conditions.\n7. Online Software Products: TurboTax is one of the best-selling tax preparation software products, based on aggregated sales data for all tax year 2022.\n8. Data Import: Users can import financial data from Quicken (2021 and higher) and QuickBooks Desktop (2021 and higher), both Windows only. Quicken import is not available for TurboTax Desktop Business.\n9. Tax Tips and Videos: TurboTax offers a variety of tax tips and videos to help users better understand their tax situation and prepare their tax returns accurately.\n10. TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Polish Bulgarian Hindi Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back Cookies and Tracking Technologies Intuit digital properties use cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies to provide you the best possible experience on and off our sites. You may opt-out of the use of cookies and trackers that may share some limited personal information with our third party advertising partners using the option below.  For more information on how we use Cookies and Tracking Technologies, please review our Cookies Policy. Manage Consent Preferences Essential Website Cookies Always Active These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features available through our site. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions. Advertising (Targeting) Cookies Advertising (Targeting) Cookies These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm my choices Should this page be public to all users? Answer only with yes or no.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 162000173481, 'load_duration': 1661800, 'prompt_eval_count': 1466, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5301168000, 'eval_count': 989, 'eval_duration': 156581764000}