{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T19:08:22.983524293Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe IAB Global Vendor List (GVL) is a list of companies that are allowed to collect and use personal data from the web in the name of advertising or other purposes. The GVL is managed by the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB), which is a trade association for digital advertisers.\n\nThe purpose of the GVL is to ensure transparency and accountability in the collection and use of personal data by digital advertisers. By requiring companies to register on the GVL, the IAB can monitor their compliance with privacy regulations and provide users with more control over how their data is used.\n\nThe GVL has three main features:\n\n1. Purpose Categories: The GVL categorizes the purposes for which companies can collect and use personal data into 26 categories. These categories include marketing, advertising, analytics, measurement, and more.\n2. Legitimate Interest Categories: The GVL also categorizes the legitimate interests that companies may have in collecting and using personal data as "object to legitimate interests" or "remove object to legitimate interests." These categories include interest-based advertising, audience development, audience insights, content performance, and more.\n3. Special Features: The GVL allows companies to use special features such as "active measurement" to collect and use data on users\' browsing behavior, "device fingerprinting" to identify devices based on information sent automatically when accessing the internet, and "linking devices" to associate a user\'s device with other devices owned by them.\n4. Transparency: The GVL requires companies to provide users with clear and concise information about how their data will be used, including the purposes of data collection, the categories of data being collected, and the legal basis for processing the data.\n5. Data Subject Rights: The GVL gives users the right to opt out of data collection, object to certain uses of personal data, and request restrictions on processing their data.\n6. Transparency: The GVL requires companies to be transparent about how they use personal data collected from users, including providing information on which categories of purposes are allowed, what data is being collected, and how it will be used.\n7. Data Protection Impact Assessment (DPIA): The GVL requires companies to conduct a DPIA to demonstrate that their activities do not have a significant impact on the rights and freedoms of individuals.\n8. Privacy Policy: The GVL requires companies to provide a privacy policy, which must be easily accessible and transparent about how they collect, use, and share personal data.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 87188412214, 'load_duration': 1222214, 'prompt_eval_count': 1215, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4212772000, 'eval_count': 572, 'eval_duration': 82863541000}