{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T03:19:23.945314124Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'The IAB (Internet Advertising Bureau) is a trade association that represents the interests of the online advertising industry. The IAB has developed a set of principles for the use of personal data in online advertising, which are known as the "Digital Advertising Alliance Principles." These principles provide guidelines for the collection, use and disclosure of personal data by online advertisers, with the goal of maintaining the privacy and security of users.\nThe Digital Advertising Alliance Principles are based on six main purposes:\n1. Deliver and present advertising and content: This purpose allows online advertisers to deliver targeted advertising to users who have shown an interest in their products or services, and for content providers to present personalized content to users based on their interests and preferences.\n2. Measure advertising performance: This purpose allows advertisers to measure the effectiveness of their campaigns by tracking metrics such as ad impressions, clicks, and conversions, and to adjust their campaigns accordingly.\n3. Objection Applied Remove Objection Use limited data to select content: This purpose allows online advertisers to use data from a user\'s previous interactions with the service in order to deliver targeted advertising that is more likely to be relevant to their interests and preferences.\n4. Use precise geolocation data: This purpose allows advertisers to deliver targeted advertising based on a user\'s location, which can be more effective than using general IP addresses or other location information.\n5. Actively scan device characteristics for identification: This purpose allows advertisers to use device-specific information such as installed fonts or plugins, and screen resolution in order to identify users with similar devices and deliver targeted advertising accordingly.\n6. Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors: This purpose allows advertisers to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity, and ensure that systems and processes work properly and securely.\nThe IAB Principles also include the use of limited data to select content, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with. This purpose allows online advertisers to deliver targeted advertising that is more likely to be relevant to your interests and preferences based on limited data available about your activity on the service.\nThe IAB Principles are not legally binding, but they provide guidelines for the responsible use of personal data in online advertising. Companies must obtain consent from users before collecting and using their personal data, and they must be transparent about how they use this data.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 91120973447, 'load_duration': 1296537, 'prompt_eval_count': 1379, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4839407000, 'eval_count': 569, 'eval_duration': 86163144000}