{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T03:31:48.357263358Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nIn addition to the privacy settings that users can adjust on their own devices, the IAB also established a set of default consent settings for each purpose category. These default settings are based on the types of data collection and use identified by the IAB as necessary for each purpose category. The categories and default settings are as follows:\n\n1. Always Active: This category includes purposes that require the collection and use of personal information to ensure the technical compatibility of content or advertising, facilitate the transmission of content or ads, or enable systems and processes to work properly and securely. Examples include monitoring for and preventing unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (e.g., regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), ensuring security, and correcting errors in the delivery of content and ads.\n2. Use precise geolocation data: This category includes purposes that require the use of precise geolocation data to ensure the technical compatibility of content or advertising, facilitate the transmission of content or ads, or enable systems and processes to work properly and securely. Examples include delivering and presenting advertising and content based on a user's location within a radius of less than 500 meters.\n3. Actively scan device characteristics for identification: This category includes purposes that require the use of device characteristics specific to your device, such as installed fonts or plugins, screen resolution, to distinguish it from other devices. Examples include identifying devices based on information transmitted automatically, like the IP address of an Internet connection or the type of browser being used.\n4. Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors: This category includes purposes that require the collection and use of personal information to ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and correct errors in the delivery of content and ads. Examples include monitoring for unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (e.g., regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), ensuring security, and correcting errors in the delivery of content and ads.\n5. Deliver and present advertising: This category includes purposes that require the collection and use of personal information to deliver and present advertising based on a user's location within a radius of less than 500 meters. Examples include delivering and presenting advertising based on a user's location, such as geotargeted advertising.\n6. Match and combine data from other data sources: This category includes purposes that require the collection and use of personal information to match and combine data from other data sources, such as your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey. Examples include matching and combining data from multiple sources for targeted advertising, such as combining data from different devices or systems to deliver personalized content.\n7. Link different devices: This category includes purposes that require the collection and use of personal information to distinguish one device from another based on user behavior or other identifying characteristics. Examples include linking different devices based on information transmitted automatically, like the IP address of an Internet connection or the type of browser being used.\n8. Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically: This category includes purposes that require the collection and use of personal information to identify a device based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet, such as the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using. Examples include identifying devices based on information transmitted automatically, like the IP address of an Internet connection or the type of browser being used.\n\nThese categories and default settings for each purpose category can be adjusted by users at any time through their device's privacy settings."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 137391843699, 'load_duration': 1308816, 'prompt_eval_count': 1973, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7711462000, 'eval_count': 779, 'eval_duration': 129531209000}