{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T03:33:49.619509187Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'To build a connected future, Meta is committed to creating products that serve everyone. We believe in building workforces that reflect the diversity of the people we serve and workplaces focused on equity and inclusion. By increasing representation in our workforce, we challenge ourselves to pursue ambitious goals across everything we do at Meta.\nTo build a connected future, Meta is committed to creating products that serve everyone. We believe in building workforces that reflect the diversity of the people we serve and workplaces focused on equity and inclusion. By increasing representation in our workforce, we challenge ourselves to pursue ambitious goals across everything we do at Meta.\nTo build a connected future, Meta is committed to creating products that serve everyone. We believe in building workforces that reflect the diversity of the people we serve and workplaces focused on equity and inclusion. By increasing representation in our workforce, we challenge ourselves to pursue ambitious goals across everything we do at Meta.\nTo build a connected future, Meta is committed to creating products that serve everyone. We believe in building workforces that reflect the diversity of the people we serve and workplaces focused on equity and inclusion. By increasing representation in our workforce, we challenge ourselves to pursue ambitious goals across everything we do at Meta.\nTo build a connected future, Meta is committed to creating products that serve everyone. We believe in building workforces that reflect the diversity of the people we serve and workplaces focused on equity and inclusion. By increasing representation in our workforce, we challenge ourselves to pursue ambitious goals across everything we do at Meta.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 64688256960, 'load_duration': 1334646, 'prompt_eval_count': 1881, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7174907000, 'eval_count': 350, 'eval_duration': 57370137000}