{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T03:56:20.734233635Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nReddit is a social media platform that allows users to share content, discuss topics, and connect with others who share similar interests. The site is home to thousands of communities organized around various topics, and millions of people post, comment, and vote on content every day. How Does Reddit Work? Every day, millions of people around the world post, vote, and comment in communities organized around their interests. Visit reddit.com Post The community can share content by posting stories, links, images, and videos. Comment The community comments on posts. Comments provide discussion and often humor. Vote Comments & posts can be upvoted or downvoted. The most interesting content rises to the top. Reddit by the Numbers Reddit is a growing family of millions of diverse people sharing the things they care about most. As of March, 2024 0 M+ Daily Active Uniques 0 M+ Weekly Active Uniques 0 K+ Active Communities 0 B+ Posts & Comments Reddit Press Reddit News Did You Know? A 2024 U.S. Elections Voter Education Series May 31, 2024 Reddit and OpenAI Build Partnership May 16, 2024 New Ways To AMA May 14, 2024 Sharing an Update on our Ads Monetization Team, and Welcoming our New VP of Ads Product May 13, 2024 View more blog posts Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Company Reddit, Inc. Reddit for Business Careers Investors Press Contact Blog r/RDDT Community Reddit.com Reddit for Community Content Policy Help Center Moderator Code of Conduct Privacy & Safety Privacy Policy User Agreement Transparency Report r/redditsecurity Other Terms and Policies Copyright 2024 Reddit, Inc. All rights reserved. the conversation starts here Back to Top How Does Reddit Work? How Does Reddit Work? Reddit by the Numbers Reddit by the Numbers Reddit News Reddit News Privacy Preference Center Your Privacy Strictly Necessary Cookies Analytics & Performance Cookies Advertising  Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Analytics & Performance Cookies Analytics & Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to monitor its performance. Advertising  Cookies Advertising  Cookies We use these cookies to deliver advertisements, to make them more relevant and meaningful to consumers, and to track the efficiency of our advertising campaigns, both on our services and on other sites or mobile apps. Our third-party advertising partners may use these cookies to build a profile of your interests and deliver relevant advertising on other sites. Back Button Back Vendor Search Filter Button Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Confirm My Choices Allow All Cookies on Reddit We use cookies on our site to improve your experience, personalize your interactions with us, and analyze our traffic. However, you may choose to disable or remove cookies at any time through your browser settings. The following cookies are used: Strictly necessary cookies These cookies are essential to make the site work properly. They help us understand how you interact with our site and make improvements to your experience. Analytics & performance cookies These cookies help us measure the number of visitors, pages per session, and time on site for different parts of the site. We use this information to make informed decisions about how to improve the site and ensure it is meeting the needs of its users. Advertising cookies These cookies are used by third-party advertisers to serve ads based on your interests and actions on our site. You can control these cookies through your browser settings, but we will not be able to deliver targeted ads without them. Opt out of Google Analytics To opt out of Google Analytics cookies, follow the instructions below:\n\n1. Go to the Google Analytics opt-out website using a web browser.\n2. Select the appropriate method for your browser type (clearing cookies or using a plugin).\n3. Follow any additional prompts or instructions provided by the website.\n\nBy opting out of Google Analytics, you will still be able to access and use our site, but we will not be able to collect any data about how you interact with it. We will also display a message that tells you that your privacy is protected. Disable cookies Enabling or disabling cookies through your browser settings will affect your ability to access certain parts of the site. To disable cookies:\n\n1. Go to your browser\'s settings menu. This is usually found in the gear icon or the menu button in the upper right corner of your browser window.\n2. Select "Privacy and security" or a similar option.\n3. Look for the setting that controls cookies. It may be labeled "Cookies," "Third-party cookies," or "Block third-party cookies."\n4. Select this setting to disable cookies. You will still be able to access our site, but you won\'t be able to save any preferences or progress in a session.\n\nAlternatively, you can also use the following steps to disable cookies using a browser extension:\n\n1. Open your browser and go to the address bar.\n2. Type "about:config" and press Enter.\n3. In the search bar at the top of the page, type "network.cookie.cookieBehavior" and press Enter.\n4. Double-click on the result to open it for editing.\n5. Change the value from "2" (keep cookies) to "1" (accept cookies).\n6. Save the changes by closing the about:config page or pressing Ctrl+S (Windows) or Command+S (Mac). You will still be able to access our site, but you won\'t be able to save any preferences or progress in a session.\n\nWe use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to gather information about how visitors interact with our content. By using our site, you consent to the use of cookies by us and our affiliates. If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 249654278008, 'load_duration': 1134084, 'prompt_eval_count': 1164, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4154191000, 'eval_count': 1575, 'eval_duration': 245365594000}