{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T04:26:06.803488648Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The Terms of Service outline the rules and regulations governing the use of Pinterest's services by users, including its website and mobile application. The terms are applicable to all users of the service who interact with it through the website or mobile app.\n\n1. The Service\nPinterest is a platform that allows users to browse and share images and other visual content known as pins. Users can also follow other users, creating a network of connections called boards, and participate in conversations and discussions with their followers. Pinterest is available on both the web and mobile platforms.\n2. Using Pinterest\nUsers who wish to use Pinterest must create an account by providing valid personal information such as name, email address, phone number, and password. Once a user creates an account, they can log in to their account and start using Pinterest's features and services.\n3. Your User Content\nBy creating an account on Pinterest, users agree to provide their content, including text, images, and other media, to the platform. Users are responsible for ensuring that the content they provide is legal and does not violate any laws or regulations.\n4. Intellectual Property\nPinterest respects intellectual property rights of its users and other creators. Pinterest allows users to use and share images, videos, and other media provided by third parties under certain terms, including the requirement that they be used in a way that does not infringe on any intellectual property rights.\n5. Security\nPinterest takes security seriously and has implemented various measures to protect its users' data and ensure the safety of transactions conducted through its platform. Pinterest uses encryption technology and other security measures to safeguard user data.\n6. Third Party Links, Sites, and Services\nPinterest may display links or promotional materials from third-party sites or services on its platform. These links or promotional materials are provided by the respective third parties and not by Pinterest. Users should be aware that these third parties may collect data regarding their activities on their platforms.\n7. Termination\nPinterest reserves the right to terminate any account, user, or user content at its discretion, including for violation of the terms of service.\n8. Indemnity\nUsers agree to indemnify and hold harmless Pinterest, its officers, employees, and agents from any claims or damages arising out of their use of Pinterest's services.\n9. Disclaimers\nPinterest makes no warranties regarding the accuracy, completeness, currency, or fitness for a particular purpose of information or content found on its platform, and users acknowledge that such information or content may be incorrect or outdated.\n10. Limitation of Liability\nTo the maximum extent permitted by law, Pinterest excludes all liability for any damages arising from or related to the use of Pinterest's services, including direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages.\n11. Arbitration\nAny disputes arising out of or related to the terms and conditions of this agreement will be resolved through binding arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association.\n12. Governing Law and Jurisdiction\nThese terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state where you use Pinterest's services, and any disputes arising out of or related to these terms will be resolved through binding arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association.\n13. General Terms\nThese terms are a legally binding agreement between you and Pinterest, and by using Pinterest's services, you agree to comply with all of these terms and conditions."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 143148347506, 'load_duration': 1530978, 'prompt_eval_count': 1788, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6710327000, 'eval_count': 828, 'eval_duration': 136326641000}