{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T05:46:39.87894627Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "I can provide you with some general information about the IAB Vendors and their purposes, but I would advise you to consult the official document for more detailed and accurate information. Here are some general information on the IAB Vendors and their purposes:\n\n1. Advertising and content measurement, audience research, and services development: This purpose includes gathering data from various sources to understand audiences, such as user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data, etc. This can be used to improve products and services, build new products and services, and develop targeted advertising campaigns.\n2. Content personalization: This purpose includes using the data gathered from users' activity on this service or other websites or apps to create profiles that reflect possible interests and personal aspects. These profiles can then be used to present content that appears more relevant based on the user's interests, such as adapting the order in which content is shown to the user.\n3. Measure content performance: This purpose includes gathering data about the effectiveness of non-advertising content presented to users and determining whether it has reached its intended audience and matched the user's interests.\n4. Measure advertising performance: This purpose includes gathering data about the effectiveness of advertising campaigns based on information regarding which ads were presented to the user, how they were interacted with, and whether they led the user to complete a desired action, such as making a purchase or visiting a website.\n5. Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors: This purpose includes using data gathered from users' activity on this service to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity, ensure systems and processes work properly and securely, and correct any problems encountered in the delivery of content and ads.\n6. Link different devices: This purpose includes linking a user's device to other devices that belong to them or their household based on information they automatically send when accessing the Internet, such as an IP address or device capabilities.\n7. Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically: This purpose includes identifying a user's device based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet, such as the type of browser they are using.\n8. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices: This purpose includes creating a back button cookie list that allows users to return to previous pages in their browsing history and manage the cookies associated with those pages.\n\nIt is important to note that these purposes are general and may not be exhaustive, and you should consult the official document for more detailed information about each IAB Vendor's specific purposes and how they use your data."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 97719209323, 'load_duration': 1422447, 'prompt_eval_count': 1547, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5786400000, 'eval_count': 587, 'eval_duration': 91790058000}