{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T06:34:19.236743593Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The IAB is a global organization that works to promote the responsible use of personal data and privacy across various industries, including technology, media, and advertising. The organization has developed a set of guidelines for publishers, vendors, and other stakeholders who work with personal data and privacy. These guidelines are designed to ensure that personal data is collected, processed, and used in a transparent and ethical manner.\n\nThe IAB's guidelines cover several key areas, including:\n\n1. Transparency: Publishers must be transparent about the types of personal data they collect, how they use it, and with whom they share it. Vendors must also be transparent about their practices and provide consumers with clear information about how their data is used.\n2. Consent: Publishers must obtain explicit consent from users before collecting and using their personal data. This includes providing clear information about what data will be collected, how it will be used, and how long it will be stored.\n3. Data minimization: Publishers should only collect the minimum amount of personal data necessary to achieve their purpose. They should also ensure that they do not share more personal data than is necessary for their purposes.\n4. Purpose limitation: Vendors must limit the purposes for which they use personal data and must obtain new consent if a user's data is used for a purpose that differs from the purpose for which it was originally collected.\n5. Data protection principles: Publishers should follow the principles of data protection, including respecting individuals' privacy rights, not discriminating against individuals based on their personal data, and providing mechanisms to ensure the accuracy and security of personal data.\n6. Accountability: Publishers and vendors must be accountable for their use of personal data and must provide clear information about their practices and performance.\n7. Data protection impact assessment (DPIA): Publishers and vendors must conduct a DPIA to demonstrate that their processing activities do not result in a significant impact on individuals' privacy rights or substantial public interest.\n\nOverall, the IAB's guidelines are designed to promote responsible use of personal data and privacy across various industries. By following these guidelines, publishers and vendors can help ensure that their processing activities do not result in significant impact on individuals' privacy rights or substantial public interest."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 88693684136, 'load_duration': 1206915, 'prompt_eval_count': 1733, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6652244000, 'eval_count': 507, 'eval_duration': 81893870000}