{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T06:40:57.070783296Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '  * Use limited data to select advertising: 34 partners can use this purpose. Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).\n* Use profiles to select personalised advertising: 31 partners can use this purpose. Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.\n* Create profiles for personalised advertising: 33 partners can use this purpose. Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.\n* Use profiles to select personalised content: 8 partners can use this purpose. Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.\n* Create profiles to personalise content: 11 partners can use this purpose. Information about your activity on this service (for example forms you submit) can be stored and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.\n* Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors: 43 partners can use this purpose. Always Active Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.\n* Deliver and present advertising and content: 34 partners can use this purpose. Always Active Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.\n* Match and combine data from other data sources: 29 partners can use this purpose. Always Active Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.\n* Link different devices: 28 partners can use this purpose. Always Active In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).\n* Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically: 33 partners can use this purpose. Always Active Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.\n* Strictly Necessary Cookies: 28 partners can use this purpose. Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Reject All Save Preferences Should this page be private to a certain user? Answer only with yes or no.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 167389687783, 'load_duration': 1218785, 'prompt_eval_count': 1637, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6166613000, 'eval_count': 993, 'eval_duration': 161077531000}