{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T07:06:50.842773627Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe text is a list of features and options available in Linktree\'s "More" section, which can be accessed by clicking on the "..." button next to each link in the sidebar. The features include:\n\n1. Settings: Allows users to access their account settings, including profile information, privacy settings, and billing details.\n2. Analytics: Provides real-time data on website traffic, engagement, and conversion rates for each link in the Linktree.\n3. Appearance: Lets users customize the appearance of their Linktree, including background color, logo, and layout options.\n4. Upgrade: Offers a "Pro" subscription option that provides additional features such as advanced analytics, custom metadata, and conversion tracking.\n5. Account Menu: Allows users to access their account information, manage their billing details, and log out of the platform.\n6. Share: Provides a feature to share Linktree links on social media platforms, email, and other online channels.\n7. Jump to: Offers a feature that allows users to quickly navigate to a specific section of their Linktree, such as the "Analytics" or "Shop" tabs.\n8. Social: Lets users connect their social profiles with Linktree, allowing visitors to interact with them on the platform.\n9. Shop: Provides an option for users to display their shop tab on the Linktree, which can be used to sell products and services directly from the platform.\n10. Sensitive material: Allows users to indicate that certain links contain sensitive content, such as explicit images or mature language, so that visitors are informed of this before visiting the link.\n11. Search: Offers a feature that allows users to search for specific keywords or hashtags on their Linktree and other platforms.\n12. Email Sign-up: Lets users add an email sign-up field to their Linktree, allowing visitors to subscribe to their mailing list with just one click.\n13. SMS sign-up: Allows users to collect SMS subscribers with a sign-up field on their Linktree, using a short code or other methods.\n14. Social integrations: Provides an option for users to connect their social profiles with Linktree, allowing visitors to interact with them on the platform.\n15. Shop: Offers an option for users to display their shop tab on the Linktree, which can be used to sell products and services directly from the platform.\n16. Sensitive material: Allows users to indicate that certain links contain sensitive content, such as explicit images or mature language, so that visitors are informed of this before visiting the link.\n17. Search: Offers a feature that allows users to search for specific keywords or hashtags on their Linktree and other platforms.\n18. Email Sign-up: Lets users add an email sign-up field to their Linktree, allowing visitors to subscribe to their mailing list with just one click.\n19. SMS sign-up: Allows users to collect SMS subscribers with a sign-up field on their Linktree, using a short code or other methods.\n20. Social integrations: Provides an option for users to connect their social profiles with Linktree, allowing visitors to interact with them on the platform.\n21. Shop: Offers an option for users to display their shop tab on the Linktree, which can be used to sell products and services directly from the platform.\n22. Sensitive material: Allows users to indicate that certain links contain sensitive content, such as explicit images or mature language, so that visitors are informed of this before visiting the link.\n23. Search: Offers a feature that allows users to search for specific keywords or hashtags on their Linktree and other platforms.\n24. Email Sign-up: Lets users add an email sign-up field to their Linktree, allowing visitors to subscribe to their mailing list with just one click.\n25. SMS sign-up: Allows users to collect SMS subscribers with a sign-up field on their Linktree, using a short code or other methods.\n26. Social integrations: Provides an option for users to connect their social profiles with Linktree, allowing visitors to interact with them on the platform.\n27. Shop: Offers an option for users to display their shop tab on the Linktree, which can be used to sell products and services directly from the platform.\n28. Sensitive material: Allows users to indicate that certain links contain sensitive content, such as explicit images or mature language, so that visitors are informed of this before visiting the link.\n29. Search: Offers a feature that allows users to search for specific keywords or hashtags on their Linktree and other platforms.\n30. Email Sign-up: Lets users add an email sign-up field to their Linktree, allowing visitors to subscribe to their mailing list with just one click.\n31. SMS sign-up: Allows users to collect SMS subscribers with a sign-up field on their Linktree, using a short code or other methods.\n32. Social integrations: Provides an option for users to connect their social profiles with Linktree, allowing visitors to interact with them on the platform.\n33. Shop: Offers an option for users to display their shop tab on the Linktree, which can be used to sell products and services directly from the platform.\n34. Sensitive material: Allows users to indicate that certain links contain sensitive content, such as explicit images or mature language, so that visitors are informed of this before visiting the link.\n35. Search: Offers a feature that allows users to search for specific keywords or hashtags on their Linktree and other platforms.\n36. Email Sign-up: Lets users add an email sign-up field to their Linktree, allowing visitors to subscribe to their mailing list with just one click.\n37. SMS sign-up: Allows users to collect SMS subscribers with a sign-up field on their Linktree, using a short code or other methods.\n38. Social integrations: Provides an option for users to connect their social profiles with Linktree, allowing visitors to interact with them on the platform.\n39. Shop: Offers an option for users to display their shop tab on the Linktree, which can be used to sell products and services directly from the platform.\n40. Sensitive material: Allows users to indicate that certain links contain sensitive content, such as explicit images or mature language, so that visitors are informed of this before visiting the link.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 236465059437, 'load_duration': 1286846, 'prompt_eval_count': 1186, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4280973000, 'eval_count': 1462, 'eval_duration': 232046339000}