{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-08T21:26:15.213986574Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe text you provided is a collection of strings extracted from the HTML code of a webpage related to AliExpress. Here\'s a breakdown of each string:\n\n1. "Settings Buyer Protection Suggestion Help Customer Service Disputes & Reports Save big on our app!" - This is a message promoting the use of the AliExpress app and encouraging users to take advantage of its features related to buyer protection, suggestions, and customer service.\n2. "Ship to / USD Ship to Currency Save Language" - This string suggests that the website allows users to ship products to different locations and convert currencies.\n3. "Site Brasil (Português) Sitio en español Site France Strona Polska אתר ישראלי (בעברית) Site Italia (Italiano) Site Türkiye (Türk) Deutsch 한국어 الموقع\xa0العربية" - This string lists the website\'s availability in different languages, including Brazilian Portuguese, Spanish, French, Polish, and Turkish.\n4. "AliExpress Cart 1 Wish List Sign in | Sign Out Hi, Jane Sign Out Sign in Sign in with New Customer?" - This string provides information about the user\'s cart, wish list, and login options for users who are not signed in or have multiple accounts associated with their account.\n5. "Join Free My AliExpress My Orders Message Center Wish List My Favorite Stores My Coupons Home > Account > Settings > Account Overview Orders Payment Refund and return Feedback Settings Shipping address Message center Invite friends Help center Manage reports Suggestion DS Center" - This string lists the steps for creating an account, viewing orders, managing payments, refunds, and feedback, and inviting friends to use the website.\n6. "Settings Personal information Upload picture Edit profile Country/region Security Information Change email address Change password Set security question Activate email notifications Activate Privacy Privacy setting Social media accounts Messenger Link Help Center , Disputes & Reports , Buyer Protection , Report IPR infringement , Regulated Information , Integrity Compliance , Transparency Center , Non-login complaint entrance AliExpress Multi-Language Sites Russian , Portuguese , Spanish , French , German , Italian , Dutch , Turkish , Japanese , Korean , Thai , Vietnamese , Arabic , Hebrew , Polish Browse by Category All Popular , Product , Promotion , Low Price , Great Value , Reviews , Blog , Seller Portal , BLACK FRIDAY , AliExpress Assistant Alibaba Group Alibaba Group Website , AliExpress , Alimama , Alipay , Fliggy , Alibaba Cloud , Alibaba International , AliTelecom , DingTalk , Juhuasuan , Taobao Marketplace , Tmall , Taobao Global , AliOS , 1688 Google Play App Store AppGallery" - This string lists the various settings and features available on the website, including personal information uploads, profile editing, and multi-language support.\n7. "Intellectual Property Protection - Privacy Policy - Sitemap - Terms of Use - Information for EU consumers - Imprint - Transaction Services Agreement for non-EU/UK Consumers - Terms and Conditions for EU/EEA/UK Consumers - User Information Legal Enquiry Guide ©️2010-2024 AliExpress.com. All rights reserved." - This string provides information about the website\'s intellectual property protection, privacy policy, sitemap, terms of use, and legal information for EU consumers.\n8. "增值电信业务经营许可证 浙B2-20120091-8 浙公网安备 33010802002248号 TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Polish Bulgarian Hindi Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Turkish Finlandish Lithuanian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian" - This string lists the website\'s availability in different languages, including English, Arabic, Hebrew, Polish, Bulgarian, Hindi, Portuguese, Catalan, Hmong, Daw, Romanian, Chinese Simplified and Traditional, Indonesian, Slovak, Czech, Italian, Slovenian, Danish, Japanese, Spanish, Dutch, Klingon, Swedish, English, Korean, Thai, Estonian, Latvian, Turkish, Finnish, Lithuanian, Ukrainian, French, Malay, Urdu, German, Maltese, Vietnamese, Greek, Norwegian, Welsh, and Haitian Creole.\n9. "Copy the URL below Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back" - This string provides information about how to embed the website\'s code in another website, which allows for features such as collaborative widgets and customization.\n10. "Eva Not receive goods Not receive refund Manage my account Reason for order close Ask more Should this page be private to a certain user? Answer only with yes or no." - This string provides information about how to manage an account, including receiving goods and managing refunds, as well as asking questions related to the website.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 179871149757, 'load_duration': 1035883, 'prompt_eval_count': 790, 'prompt_eval_duration': 2607315000, 'eval_count': 1256, 'eval_duration': 177127411000}