{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T08:35:25.920960762Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "Bron has over a decade of international retail and department store experience and a foundation of more than twelve years in management and business consulting internationally, including experience working in Thailand, the Middle East, the U.S., France and the UK. Prior to joining Bloomingdale's, Bron was Chief Executive Officer of Central and Robinson Department Stores in Thailand, where he devised and executed the company’s strategy for sustainable growth following the COVID-19 pandemic. Bron previously served as Chief Operating Officer at luxury French retail group Galeries Lafayette and BHV Group based in France. During his tenure, he focused on transformative strategies including digitization, operational excellence, luxury customer growth and cost reduction. Bron previously spent over a decade focused on retail transformation at Bain & Company. Bron serves as a board member of both the Union des Commerces de Centre Ville and the Alliance du Commerce, professional associations for city center retail in France. He also mentors start-ups at Lafeyette Plug-n-Play, a retail and fashion innovation platform and is an involved member of SIDE, a start-up investment community. Bron holds a master’s degree in strategic management from Hautes Etudes Commerciales in Paris.\nMaly Bernstein Chief Executive Officer, Bluemercury Maly Bernstein was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Bluemercury in 2021. In this role, she is responsible for the company’s strategy and growth in luxury beauty, including its proprietary brands, stores, and digital platform. Bernstein has over 20 years of experience in retail and consumer packaged goods and her expertise lies in creating emotional connections with consumers via break-through platforms that integrate product, service, and experience into a compelling story. Prior to Bluemercury, Bernstein held the positions of Vice President of Beauty & Personal Care and Vice President of E-Commerce at CVS Health. Bernstein was responsible for a multi-billion-dollar portfolio and led a diverse team of Category Managers, Beauty Experience & Service Program Managers, Beauty Consultants and Licensed Cosmetologists. During her tenure, CVS Beauty grew faster than its competition and doubled Beauty Club membership to nearly 30 million. Prior to CVS, Bernstein worked globally in the Retail & Consumer practice with a focus on Consumer Digital Excellence at McKinsey & Co. Bernstein holds a bachelor’s degree from the Richard Ivey School of Business and a Master of Business Administration degree from the Harvard Business school."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 84379903354, 'load_duration': 1276295, 'prompt_eval_count': 1096, 'prompt_eval_duration': 3942217000, 'eval_count': 580, 'eval_duration': 80323847000}