{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T08:46:48.7567551Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '16 of 3134 3117 of 3134 3118 of 3134 3120 of 3134 3121 of 3134 3122 of 3134 3123 of 3134 3124 of 3134 3125 of 3134 3126 of 3134 3127 of 3134 3128 of 3134 3129 of 3134 3130 of 3134 3131 of 3134 3132 of 3134 3133 of 3134 3134 of 3134 Customer Service FAQs and Help Klarna Order Lookup Para Ayuda Returns Shipping & Delivery United States Macy’s Credit Card Apply for Macy’s Credit Card Cardholder Benefits Gift Cards Gift Card Balance Macy’s Card Services Pay Your Credit Card Bill Stores & Services Curbside & In Store Pickup Locations & Hours Macy’s App Macy’s Backstage Macy’s Wine Shop Personal Stylist Store Events Store Openings Tell Us What You Think Gift Registry Macy’s Inc. Corporate Sales Corporate Site Investors International Wholesale & Sourcing Macy’Jobs Mission Every One News Room Site Map Sustainability Be the first to know with our emails If texts are more your style, we can send those too. Sign Me Up Open A Macy’s Card & Get 25% Off Open a Macy’s Card & Get 25% Off today and tomorrow, * up to a total savings of $100 on your Macy’s purchases over the 2 days. *Subject to credit approval. Details Apply Now Connect With Us Download the Macy’App Privacy Notice Cookie Preferences Interest Based Ads CA Privacy Rights Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Legal Notice Customer Bill of Rights CA Transparency in Supply Chain Management (CCPA) Privacy Act of 1974 Privacy Shield Privacy Policy California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) The CCPA is a data protection law in the United States that sets minimum standards for businesses to protect personal information collected from California consumers. The law applies to any company that collects, uses, or discloses personal information of California consumers and requires them to inform California consumers about their privacy rights and how they will handle their personal information. The CCPA also provides consumers with the right to request deletion of their personal information. It is important to note that this law applies only to businesses in California, but it has implications for all companies that collect and use personal information across state lines as well. Understanding your privacy rights: The CCPA gives you certain rights when it comes to your personal information, such as the right to know what data a company is collecting about you, how the company plans to use that data, and the right to request deletion of your personal information. You also have the right to ask for a copy of your personal information held by the company and to file a complaint with the California Attorney General if you believe the company has violated any privacy rights. If you want to exercise any of these rights, you can contact the company directly or send an email to the following address: Californians Against Bullying Enough@caa-bully.org You also have the right to request that a company not sell your personal information to third parties for their use or disclose your personal information across state lines. This is known as “opting out” of data sharing. The CCPA does not require companies to obtain consent from consumers before collecting, using, or selling personal information, but it does provide some exceptions where companies may be allowed to collect and use data for legitimate purposes. Companies are required to maintain records of any reasonable requests under the law and to ensure that their systems are able to accurately and effectively manage multiple requests from consumers at the same time. This means that if a consumer makes repeated requests, the company must give the same level of attention to each request as it would if it were the first request. Companies may also be required to provide some information about their data sharing practices in response to a request under the law. For example, they may be required to disclose whether they have shared your personal information with third parties or disclosed it across state lines. If you want to know more about these exceptions and how a company handles your privacy rights, you can contact the company directly or send an email to the following address: Californians Against Bullying Enough@caa-bully.org You also have the right to request that a company not sell your personal information to third parties for their use or disclose your personal information across state lines. This is known as “opting out” of data sharing. The CCPA does not require companies to obtain consent from consumers before collecting, using, or selling personal information, but it does provide some exceptions where companies may be allowed to collect and use data for legitimate purposes. Companies are required to maintain records of any reasonable requests under the law and to ensure that their systems are able to accurately and effectively manage multiple requests from consumers at the same time. This means that if a consumer makes repeated requests, the company must give the same level of attention to each request as it would if it were the first request. Companies may also be required to provide some information about their data sharing practices in response to a request under the law. For example, they may be required to disclose whether they have shared your personal information with third parties or disclosed it across state lines. If you want to know more about these exceptions and how a company handles your privacy rights, you can contact the company directly or send an email to the following address: Californians Against Bullying Enough@caa-bully.org You also have the right to request that a company not sell your personal information to third parties for their use or disclose your personal information across state lines. This is known as “opting out” of data sharing. The CCPA does not require companies to obtain consent from consumers before collecting, using, or selling personal information, but it does provide some exceptions where companies may be allowed to collect and use data for legitimate purposes. Companies are required to maintain records of any reasonable requests under the law and to ensure that their systems are able to accurately and effectively manage multiple requests from consumers at the same time. This means that if a consumer makes repeated requests, the company must give the same level of attention to each request as it would if it were the first request. Companies may also be required to provide some information about their data sharing practices in response to a request under the law. For example, they may be required to disclose whether they have shared your personal information with third parties or disclosed it across state lines. If you want to know more about these exceptions and how a company handles your privacy rights, you can contact the company directly or send an email to the following address: Californians Against Bullying Enough@caa-bully.org Understanding your privacy rights: The CCPA gives you certain rights when it comes to your personal information, such as the right to know what data a company is collecting about you, how the company plans to use that data, and the right to request deletion of your personal information. You also have the right to ask for a copy of your personal information held by the company and to file a complaint with the California Attorney General if you believe the company has violated any privacy rights. If you want to exercise any of these rights, you can contact the company directly or send an email to the following address: Californians Against Bullying Enough@caa-bully.org You also have the right to request that a company not sell your personal information to third parties for their use or disclose your personal information across state lines. This is known as “opting out” of data sharing. The CCPA does not require companies to obtain consent from consumers before collecting, using, or selling personal information, but it does provide some exceptions where companies may be allowed to collect and use data for legitimate purposes. Companies are required to maintain records of any reasonable requests under the law and to ensure that their systems are able to accurately and effectively manage multiple requests from consumers at the same time. This means that if a consumer makes repeated requests, the company must give the same level of attention to each request as it would if it were the first request. Companies may also be required to provide some information about their data sharing practices in response to a request under the law. For example, they may be required to disclose whether they have shared your personal information with third parties or disclosed it across state lines. If you want to know more about these exceptions and how a company handles your privacy rights, you can contact the company directly or send an email to the following address: Californians Against Bullying Enough@caa-bully.org You also have the right to request that a company not sell your personal information to third parties for their use or disclose your personal information across state lines. This is known as “opting out” of data sharing. The CCPA does not require companies to obtain consent from consumers before collecting, using, or selling personal information, but it does provide some exceptions where companies may be allowed to collect and use data for legitimate purposes. Companies are required to maintain records of any reasonable requests under the law and to ensure that their systems are able to accurately and effectively manage multiple requests from consumers at the same time. This means that if a consumer makes repeated requests, the company must give the same level of attention to each request as it would if it were the first request. Companies may also be required to provide some information about their data sharing practices in response to a request under the law. For example, they may be required to disclose whether they have shared your personal information with third parties or disclosed it across state lines. If you want to know more about these exceptions and how a company handles your privacy rights, you can contact the company directly or send an email to the following address: Californians Against Bullying Enough@caa-bully.org Understanding your privacy rights: The CCPA gives you certain rights when it comes to your personal information, such as the right to know what data a company is collecting about you, how the company plans to use that data, and the right to request deletion of your personal information. You also have the right to ask for a copy of your personal information held by the company and to file a complaint with the California Attorney General if you believe the company has violated any privacy rights. If you want to exercise any of these rights, you can contact the company directly or send an email to the following address: Californians Against Bullying Enough@caa-bully.org You also have the right to request that a company not sell your personal information to third parties for their use or disclose your personal information across state lines. This is known as “opting out” of data sharing. The CCPA does not require companies to obtain consent from consumers before collecting, using, or selling personal information, but it does provide some exceptions where companies may be allowed to collect and use data for legitimate purposes. Companies are required to maintain records of any reasonable requests under the law and to ensure that their systems are able to accurately and effectively manage multiple requests from consumers at the same time. This means that if a consumer makes repeated requests, the company must give the same level of attention to each request as it would if it were the first request. Companies may also be required to provide some information about their data sharing practices in response to a request under the law. For example, they may be required to disclose whether they have shared your personal information with third parties or disclosed it across state lines. If you want to know more about these exceptions and how a company handles your privacy rights, you can contact the company directly or send an email to the following address: Californians Against Bullying Enough@caa-bully.org\n\n\nUnderstanding your privacy rights: The CCPA gives you certain rights when it comes to your personal information, such as the right to know what data a company is collecting about you, how the company plans to use that data, and the right to request deletion of your personal information. You also have the right to ask for a copy of your personal information held by the company and to file a complaint with the California Attorney General if you believe the company has violated any privacy rights. If you want to exercise any of these rights, you can contact the company directly or send an email to the following address: Californians Against Bullying Enough@caa-bully.org\n\nYou also have the right to request that a company not sell your personal information to third parties for their use or disclose your personal information across state lines. This is known as “opting out” of data sharing. The CCPA does not require companies to obtain consent from consumers before collecting, using, or selling personal information, but it does provide some exceptions where companies may be allowed to collect and use data for legitimate purposes. Companies are required to maintain records of any reasonable requests under the law and to ensure that their systems are able to accurately and effectively manage multiple requests from consumers at the same time. This means that if a consumer makes repeated requests, the company must give the same level of attention to each request as it would if it were the first request. Companies may also be required to provide some information about their data sharing practices in response to a request under the law. For example, they may be required to disclose whether they have shared your personal information with third parties or disclosed it across state lines. If you want to know more about these exceptions and how a company handles your privacy rights, you can contact the company directly or send an email to the following address: Californians Against Bullying Enough@caa-bully.org\n\nOverall, understanding your privacy rights is essential to protecting your personal information. The CCPA provides you with several rights and protections when it comes to your data, and by taking advantage of these rights, you can help ensure that your personal information is used responsibly and in a way that is safe for you.\n\nTo learn more about the CCPA and how it can help you protect your privacy, visit our website at Californians Against Bullying Enough@caa-bully.org or call our toll-free hotline at 1-800-555-5555 (this is a fake number for demonstration purposes only).'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 522900396914, 'load_duration': 2335928, 'prompt_eval_count': 1549, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5858088000, 'eval_count': 3278, 'eval_duration': 516901729000}