{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T08:52:22.768532899Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "It seems like you are trying to understand the purpose of cookies and how they are used by Macy's. Let me clarify:\n\nCookies are small text files that are stored on your device when you visit a website. They are used to remember certain preferences, such as your language selection or location. When you return to the same website, these cookies can be read and used to provide personalized experiences for you. For example, if you select English as your preferred language, Macy's will use this information to automatically switch the language of the site to English for future visits.\n\nThere are different types of cookies:\n\n* Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personal information.\n* Functional Cookies: These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then some or all of these services may not function properly.\n* Performance Cookies: These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.\n* Third-Party Cookies: These cookies are used to track and facilitate the sale of user data to third parties. They are typically utilized by advertising networks or data brokers to collect and aggregate user information for targeted advertising or other purposes. You may exercise your right to opt-out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch.\n* Third-Party Retargeting Cookies: These cookies are used to deliver targeted advertisements to users by tracking their browsing behavior. They are typically placed by advertising networks or third-party advertisers. You may exercise your right to opt-out of retargeting cookies by using this toggle switch. If you opt-out, we will not be able to offer you personalized ads.\n\nIn summary, cookies help Macy's provide a more personalized experience for its customers. However, if you are concerned about the use of cookies, you can adjust your browser settings to control which types of cookies are accepted or blocked."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 101713879709, 'load_duration': 1149364, 'prompt_eval_count': 1514, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5385731000, 'eval_count': 616, 'eval_duration': 96224069000}