{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T08:54:35.447798817Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'The H&M website uses a variety of cookies, which are small text files that are stored on your device when you visit the site. These cookies help the site work properly and provide personalized experiences for users. Some cookies are strictly necessary to maintain the site\'s functionality, while others allow the site to personalize content based on your interests and preferences.\n\nHere is a breakdown of the different types of cookies used by the H&M website:\n\nStrictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are required for the site to function properly and cannot be switched off. They include cookies that remember your username or password, your language preferences, and any other settings you have customized on the site.\n\nPerformance Cookies: These cookies allow the site to count visits and traffic so it can collect insights like which pages are the most popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore, anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not be able to provide you with a tailored experience.\n\nFunctional Cookies: These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.\n\nMarketing Cookies: When you accept marketing cookies, you give us your consent to place cookies on your device to provide you with relevant content that fits your interests. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners or us, to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant content on our and third-party sites. To be able to deliver content that fits your interests, we will use your interactions together with personal information you have provided to us on our site. To present you with relevant content on third-party sites, we will share this information and a customer identifier such as an encrypted email address or device id with third parties, such as advertising platforms and social networks. To make the content as interesting as possible for you, we may link this data across the different devices you use. If you choose not to accept marketing cookies, we will not place such cookies on your device, and you may experience less relevant content from us.\n\nBack Button Cookie List: This cookie is used to display a "back to top" button on the website when you scroll down. It allows users to quickly return to the top of the page without having to reload it.\n\nSearch Icon: This icon allows users to search for products and categories directly from the website. When selected, this will open a new window or tab with the search results in it.\n\nFilter Icon: This icon is used to filter results by selecting specific product categories or brands. The user can also use this icon to clear all filters and display all results again.\n\nClear checkbox label: This option allows users to clear their previously selected filters, including any cookies that may have been set. If the user selects this option, all previously saved filters will be removed and replaced with a default filter.\n\nApply: When the user clicks on "Apply," it will save their current search filters to their browser\'s local storage for future reference. The user can then return to any page on the site and quickly access their previous search results by clicking on this option again.\n\nCancel: This button allows users to cancel their previously saved search filters, removing them from their browser\'s local storage. If the user clicks on this button, all previously saved filters will be removed and replaced with a default filter.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 132677008540, 'load_duration': 1248205, 'prompt_eval_count': 1863, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7122131000, 'eval_count': 759, 'eval_duration': 125415126000}