{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T10:09:37.333030723Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nGap Inc. is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, training and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, and make all employment decisions without regard to any protected status. Terms of Use Terms of Use Careers Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices Your California Privacy Rights Privacy Policy Careers UK Modern Slavery Act Americans with\xa0Disabilities\xa0Act Endorsement Policy 2023\xa0© Gap Inc. All rights reserved Back to top TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Bulgarian Hindi Polish Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back We’d like to use information collected through cookies and similar technologies linked to your browser or device to personalize online content, serve ads targeted to your interests and based on your online activities, and analyze our performance. We may share this information with other parties to provide analytics services and serve ads on our behalf targeted to your interests and based on your online activities. Information may be linked to your browser or device (like cookies and similar tracking technologies) and related to you if you have a customer account or interact with us in other ways. These parties may use the information for their own marketing and to offer products and services on our sites and apps. Information is not shared for money, but certain uses may be deemed the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information under applicable privacy laws. You can opt-out of these uses, by taking the steps below. Please note that this Gapinc.com site (www.gapinc.com) runs independently from our other sites. The steps below will only apply to information related to your access and use of this site and Gapinc.com interactions. 1. Slide the toggle above to the left and click "Submit" to stop the sharing of information linked to your browser or device. Please keep in mind that these tools are limited to the browser or device you’re using because they work off your browser ID and device ID. If you’re not signed-in or don’t have a customer account, you will need to take this step on each browser and device you use. You can also stop this sharing by visiting our sites with an opt-out preference enabled in your browser (like the Global Privacy Control). If enabled, we’ll display a banner that says “Your Browser Opt-Out Preference Is Honored.” 2. Please then come back to this page and use this webform to provide information necessary to stop the sharing of other information that may be related to you. Please visit our Privacy Policy for more on our information practices. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Submit Should this page be private to a certain user? Answer only with yes or no.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 130785469652, 'load_duration': 1151074, 'prompt_eval_count': 2031, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7797678000, 'eval_count': 737, 'eval_duration': 122844887000}