{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T10:11:23.321062459Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "Gap Inc. is committed to providing an accessible customer service experience for all its customers, including those with disabilities. To achieve this goal, Gap Inc. has developed and implemented the Accessibility Standard for Customer Service Policy, which outlines the procedures for customers to report any accessibility-related issues or concerns related to its brands, Banana Republic, Gap, Old Navy, Athleta, Intermix, and Modcloth.\nThe policy provides that all complaints will be directed to the Customer Relations department of each brand, which is responsible for addressing such issues. Customers can expect to hear back in or around five business days regarding their complaint. Additionally, any feedback provided will be taken into consideration for future improvements in accessibility standards.\nGap Inc. also notifies customers that documents related to the Accessibility Standard for Customer Service are available upon request and in a format that takes into account the customer's disability. This information is posted on Gap Inc.'s website, in-store, and through other reasonable methods.\nNo changes will be made to this policy before considering its impact on people with disabilities. Any policy of Gap Inc. that does not respect and promote the dignity and independence of people with disabilities will be modified or removed. Customers may have questions about this policy and can direct them to the Customer Relations department listed above for an explanation.\nGap Inc. is committed to developing customer service policies that respect and promote the dignity and independence of people with disabilities. Therefore, no changes will be made to this policy before considering its impact on people with disabilities. Any policy of Gap Inc. that does not respect and promote the dignity and independence of people with disabilities will be modified or removed. Customers may have questions about this policy and can direct them to the Customer Relations department listed above for an explanation."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 63847226606, 'load_duration': 1104383, 'prompt_eval_count': 1439, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5229770000, 'eval_count': 391, 'eval_duration': 58472950000}