{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T11:13:43.384580915Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nIt seems like you are looking for information about the cookies used by Uniqlo, a Japanese fashion retailer. Here is some information that may help:\n\n1. First-party cookies: These are cookies set directly by Uniqlo and are used to store information such as user preferences, session IDs, and cart contents. They are usually only accessible on the Uniqlo website and cannot be accessed or modified by third parties.\n2. Third-party cookies: These are cookies set by third-party vendors who provide services to Uniqlo, such as analytics companies or advertising networks. They may be used to track user behavior across multiple websites, including Uniqlo's website, and can be used to serve targeted ads based on a user's interests and preferences.\n3. Persistent cookies: These are cookies that remain on a user's device for a longer period of time than session cookies, which are deleted when the user closes their browser. Persistent cookies can be used to remember user preferences, such as language settings or product additions to a cart, and can improve the user experience by allowing Uniqlo to tailor its content and advertising to the user's interests.\n4. Session cookies: These are cookies that are deleted when the user closes their browser or clears their browsing data. They are used to store information for the duration of a single session, such as the current page view, and cannot be accessed or modified by third parties.\n5. Strictly necessary cookies: These are cookies that are essential for Uniqlo's website to function properly and cannot be switched off in Uniqlo's systems. Examples include cookies used for login purposes, cookies used to store user preferences, and cookies used to remember the current page view.\n6. Functional cookies: These are cookies that enable Uniqlo to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. Examples include cookies used for language settings, cookies used to store user preferences in a shopping cart, and cookies used to serve targeted advertising based on a user's interests and preferences.\n7. Performance cookies: These are cookies that allow Uniqlo to collect information about the traffic on its website and the technical performance of its site. Examples include cookies used to measure the number of visitors, cookies used to track page views, and cookies used to improve the speed with which Uniqlo can process user requests.\n8. Targeting cookies: These are cookies set by third-party vendors who provide targeted advertising services to Uniqlo. They may be used to build a profile of a user's interests and preferences based on their browsing behavior on Uniqlo's website, and can be used to serve targeted adverts across multiple websites, including Uniqlo's website.\n9. Never active cookies: These are cookies that are not present on Uniqlo's website and cannot be accessed or modified by third parties. They may be set by third-party vendors who provide services to Uniqlo outside of the EUROPE region, which means that any cookies within this list will never be activated.\n\nIt is important to note that while Uniqlo may use cookies for legitimate purposes, some users may be concerned about the potential impact of these cookies on their privacy. If you are concerned about cookie usage, you can usually adjust your browser settings to reject all cookies or to only accept cookies from specific websites. Additionally, some web browsers and devices have features built-in to limit the use of tracking technologies such as cookies."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 128815776754, 'load_duration': 1496191, 'prompt_eval_count': 1547, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5776896000, 'eval_count': 773, 'eval_duration': 122893162000}