{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T11:45:57.124354763Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "  The WNBA on Sunday upgraded Chicago Sky guard Chennedy Carter's foul against Indiana Fever guard Caitlin Clark to a flagrant-1 violation after reviewing the play. Carter gave a shoulder shot to Clark that knocked her to the floor before an inbound pass during the third quarter of Saturday's 71-70 win by the Fever. The officials called it an away-from-the-ball foul and didn't review the play. It was deemed a common foul at the time. “I wasn’t expecting it,” Clark said after the game. “It is what it is. It’s a physical game. Go make the free throw and execute on offense, and I feel like that’s kind of what we did.” Carter didn't answer questions about Clark or the play after the game. The league fined Sky forward Angel Reese $1,000 for failing to make herself available to media after Saturday's game. The WNBA also fined Chicago $5,000 for failing to ensure that all players comply with league media policies. The league office may reclassify a flagrant foul or upgrade a foul to a flagrant one that isn’t called during the game. In addition, the league may impose a fine or suspend a player for a flagrant foul. The WNBA didn’t do either to Carter. Players accumulate points for flagrant fouls during the regular season and receive suspensions if they reach a certain number. Indiana coach Christie Sides praised Clark in her postgame interview Saturday for keeping her composure through all the physical play she's faced this season. “We’re just going to keep sending these possessions to the league, and these plays, and hopefully they’ll start, you know, taking a better look at some of the things that we see happening, or we think is happening,” she said. “Just more happy that Caitlin handled it the way she did. You know, it’s tough to keep getting hammered the way she does and to not get rewarded with free throws or foul calls. She's continued to fight through that. Appreciate that from her. Really, really proud of her for doing that.” Clark finished with 11 points, eight rebounds and six assists. Reese had eight points and 13 rebounds. ___ AP WNBA: https://apnews.com/hub/wnba-basketball Advertisement Advertisement Display Advertisement Waiting for permission Allow microphone access to enable voice search Try again. Try saying TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Polish Bulgarian Hindi Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back Should this page be private to a certain user? Answer only with yes or no. "}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 125714790363, 'load_duration': 1291546, 'prompt_eval_count': 1870, 'prompt_eval_duration': 7143795000, 'eval_count': 717, 'eval_duration': 118426057000}