{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T11:47:44.749709844Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "The Yahoo DSP is a digital supply platform that allows advertisers to reach their target audience on various online platforms, including social media, search engines, and display networks. The platform provides a suite of tools and features that enable advertisers to create and manage their campaigns effectively.\n\nMIQ, a partner company of Yahoo, offers managed services for the DSP. These services provide expert advice, guidance, and support to help clients maximize the potential of their campaigns. MIQ has deep expertise in activating all of the features and benefits of the Yahoo DSP and its unique capabilities.\n\nYahoo Native is now powered by Taboola. With Taboola's industry-leading AI-powered advertising platform, Yahoo can offer high-quality ad supply to clients. This partnership allows Yahoo to reach a wider audience and provide more personalized ad experiences for its users.\n\nThe Yahoo DSP is integrated with the Bing Webmaster Portal, which provides features such as customizable widgets, collaborative features, and customization options. Users can manage their privacy preferences and settings through this portal.\n\nCookies are small text files that websites store on your device to remember certain preferences or actions taken by you. They help websites provide a more personalized experience and can be used for advertising purposes as well. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services offered.\n\nIn conclusion, Yahoo's DSP is a powerful platform that provides advertisers with access to a wide range of online platforms and tools to reach their target audience effectively. MIQ offers managed services for the DSP, which provide expert advice, guidance, and support to help clients maximize the potential of their campaigns. With Taboola's AI-powered platform, Yahoo can offer high-quality ad supply to its users. The Bing Webmaster Portal provides users with customizable widgets, collaborative features, and privacy settings management options."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 61342088549, 'load_duration': 1278956, 'prompt_eval_count': 1050, 'prompt_eval_duration': 4032754000, 'eval_count': 430, 'eval_duration': 57170608000}