{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T12:05:54.954293196Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'The main purpose of collecting personal information is to provide users with relevant content that aligns with their interests. The following are the specific purposes for which we may use personal information:\n\n1. Personalization: We may use your personal information to create a profile about you, which can help us tailor the content and ads you see to your interests. This is done by analyzing your behavior on our service, such as the forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at, and your interactions with other users.\n2. Advertising performance measurement: We may use information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it to determine if an ad has worked for you or other users, and whether the goals of the advertising were reached.\n3. Content performance measurement: We may use information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it to determine whether the (non-advertising) content you have encountered has reached its intended audience and matched your interests.\n4. Understanding audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources: Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data to identify common characteristics that can help us understand which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or certain contents.\n5. Develop and improve services: Your information about your activity on this service can be used to improve products and services, and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.\n6. Use limited data to select content: Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data like your website or app usage, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with, to limit the number of times a video or article is presented to you.\n7. Use precise geolocation data: Your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 meters) can be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.\n8. Actively scan device characteristics for identification: Certain characteristics specific to your device may be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).\n9. Match and combine data from other data sources: Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.\n10. Link different devices: Your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).\n11. Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically: Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 121270017116, 'load_duration': 1205974, 'prompt_eval_count': 1565, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6281873000, 'eval_count': 709, 'eval_duration': 114837963000}