{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T12:10:23.222268547Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nThe use of cookies on the website is necessary for proper functioning of the site. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies in accordance with the terms and conditions set out below:\n\n1. Definition of Cookies: A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website. Cookies can contain information such as your name, login details, and browsing history. They are used to store information that can be useful for the user's subsequent visits to the site.\n2. How Do We Use Cookies? We use cookies to:\na) Remember your preferences (e.g. language settings, display settings, etc.) on your computer or mobile device; b) improve our services by analyzing data about how you use them; c) personalize content and advertising shown to you based on your interests; d) track the performance of our campaigns; e) monitor the security of our site.\n3. What Information Do Cookies Contain? We may store information such as: a) Your name, email address or other contact details; b) Your login credentials (e.g. username and password); c) The pages you visit on our site; d) Any actions you take while browsing the site; e) The date and time of your last visit to the site.\n4. How Long Do Cookies Last? Cookies can be set to expire at a specific date in the future, or they may remain stored on your computer or mobile device until you delete them. We reserve the right to change our cookie settings at any time without notice.\n5. Third-Party Cookies: Some of the services we use (e.g. social media buttons) may set cookies on your computer or mobile device. These third parties have their own privacy policies and may use cookies in different ways than those outlined above. We encourage you to read and understand their privacy policies before using their services.\n6. Control Your Cookies: You can control the use of cookies by adjusting your browser settings. For example, you can choose to accept or reject cookies, or specify which types of cookies are allowed or blocked. However, please note that disabling or rejecting all cookies may limit the functionality of our site and services.\n7. Changes to Our Cookie Policy: We reserve the right to modify this cookie policy at any time without notice. If we make significant changes to how we use cookies, we will notify you through this page. Your continued use of the website after such changes indicates your consent to those changes.\n8. Contact Us: If you have any questions or concerns about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at [privacy@example.com](mailto:privacy@example.com)."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 101199190994, 'load_duration': 1071503, 'prompt_eval_count': 1697, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6433961000, 'eval_count': 584, 'eval_duration': 94621847000}