{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T13:07:48.491809464Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '\nThe following text is the set of strings extracted from the HTML file of a webpage. Quora Careers 0 Skip to Content Home Why Quora? Locations Students Engineering Open Jobs Open Menu Close Menu Home Why Quora? Locations Students Engineering Open Jobs Our mission is to share and grow the world’s knowledge. The vast majority of human knowledge is still not on the internet. Most of it is trapped in the form of experience in people\'s heads, or buried in books and papers that only experts can access. More than a billion people use the internet yet only a tiny fraction contribute their knowledge to it. We want to democratize access to knowledge of all kinds—from politics to painting, cooking to coding, etymology to experiences—so if someone out there knows something, anyone else can learn it. Our mission is to share and grow the world\'s knowledge, and we\'re building a world-class team to help us achieve this mission. What we are building Quora is a global knowledge sharing platform with over 400 million monthly unique visitors, connecting people to share insights on various topics and providing a unique platform to learn, share, and connect with others. Poe lets people ask questions, get instant answers, and have back-and-forth conversations with AI. Our values At Quora, every team member embodies these core values. We believe this makes us successful and work so synchronously together. Awareness We are rigorous in our decisions and candid in our communication. Drive We aim high and do whatever it takes to get things done. Agility We are nimble in our processes and systems, ready to adapt to a changing world. Pragmatism We stay grounded in the outcomes that truly matter for our mission. Mission First We place long-term, collective impact ahead of personal achievement. Why Quora? Visit our " Why Quora " page to read firsthand accounts from our employees about their experiences, what they appreciate most about our culture, and why they love working with us. Remote first All of our positions can be performed remotely and we support employment from multiple countries around the world . (For any rare exceptions that do require work from a specific location, it will be noted explicitly in the individual position\'s job description). Virtual Onsite Loop Our virtual onsites typically occur over one or two days. During your onsite, you will meet a wide range of interviewers from across the company in a series of interviews. This stage allows you to showcase all aspects of your skills and gives you insight on the types of things you will be working on day-to-day. Final Conversations Following the final onsite interview, candidates who successfully progress to the next stage will have the chance to connect with their future colleagues to answer any last minute questions or concerns. This final stage of the process provides a deeper understanding of the company culture and facilitates a seamless transition into your new role should you accept our offer. Your first day! Welcome to Quora! We’re so excited you’ll be joining us. Leading up to your first day, you will receive some onboarding information from us to ensure you are all set up and ready to go for your first day. We can\'t wait to work with you! If you think this sounds like you, please browse our open jobs below. We can\'t wait to hear from you! See Open Positions Quora is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Quora Home Job Applicant Privacy Notice Contact Us Press TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Bulgarian Hindi Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back Should this page be private to a certain user? Answer only with yes or no.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 157505357670, 'load_duration': 1055782, 'prompt_eval_count': 1558, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6115329000, 'eval_count': 942, 'eval_duration': 151250163000}