{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T13:10:56.126074896Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nThe text is a list of security measures that DeepL Pro, the translation software by DeepL SE, takes to protect its customers' data. These measures include:\n\n* Data encryption: All data transferred between DeepL Pro subscribers and DeepL infrastructure is encrypted using state-of-the-art TLS (Transport Layer Security) encryption.\n* Data storage: DeepL Pro subscribers' texts aren't saved on persistent storage, but only stored in RAM. Translations of document files are only saved on disk temporarily for the execution of the translation. In this case, they are encrypted using state-of-the-art symmetrical encryption, with the key only stored in volatile memory and on the subscriber's system. DeepL Pro subscribers' texts are not used to train our models. Additionally, DeepL Pro subscribers' glossary entries are saved in persistent storage to guarantee cross-platform ubiquity, whereas free users' entries are only stored in the browser's local storage.\n* Data centers: DeepL Pro servers are property of DeepL SE and operated in a co-location model in data centers in Finland with an ISO 27001 certified data center operator, which is audited by DeepL regularly. Our servers are protected by the highest physical means and only selected DeepL employees with operational tasks have access to them.\n* Reliability: All DeepL Pro networks are redundant and secured by automatic failover mechanisms to ensure trouble-free service, with a measured uptime of 99.92% in the last 12 months. Subcontractors: DeepL avoids involving subcontractors as much as possible. When necessary, we carefully select them and, according to ISO 27001, audit all critical ones.\n* Certifications and compliance standards: ISO 27001 is an international information security certificate, crucial for protecting essential client information and other private materials. It focuses on a process-based approach to operating and maintaining a strict Information Security Management System (ISMS). DeepL was audited in 2020 by TÜV Rheinland Cert GmbH and passed this vital certification successfully.\n* GDPR compliance: DeepL operates with strict EU adherence to all GDPR requirements, maintaining all conditions when it comes to data protection, privacy, and the transferring of personal data. You can reach DeepL's data protection officer at [privacy@deepl.com](mailto:privacy@deepl.com).\n* Penetration testing: DeepL regularly assesses the security of its infrastructure and applications. These activities are performed by DeepL's internal security team as well as external specialists carrying out penetration tests. The results are shared with senior management and all findings are tracked to resolution with the compliance team in a timely manner.\n* Security assessment: Download our security assessment Contact us Need more information about our security measures? Or need an NDA or a data processing agreement? Please contact our Sales team.\n* Language: English Deutsch Español 日本語 Français Italiano Bahasa Indonesia 한국어 Nederlands Čeština Svenska Polski Português (Brasil) Português Türkçe Русский 简体中文 Українська Resources Help Center Blog API documentation Accessibility Data security Privacy policy Terms & Conditions Product Free translator Features DeepL Pro Translation API DeepL Write Apps Document Translation Download DeepL for Android DeepL for ChromeOS DeepL for iPhone DeepL for iPad DeepL for Mac DeepL for Windows DeepL Chrome extension DeepL Edge extension DeepL Firefox extension DeepL in Microsoft Word DeepL for Google Workspace DeepL for Microsoft 365 DeepL Integrations Company Contact Sales Press Careers Publisher Product updates"}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 123169150016, 'load_duration': 1032963, 'prompt_eval_count': 1073, 'prompt_eval_duration': 3732773000, 'eval_count': 836, 'eval_duration': 119297918000}