{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T13:25:06.938736577Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "\nThe text you provided is a list of links to different pages on the Yelp website. Here's a breakdown of each link and what it leads to:\n\n1. Support Center | Yelp - This link takes users to a page where they can find help with various issues related to using Yelp.\n2. Looking for a business? Search Yelp.com or go to Yelp for Business Owners - This link takes users to the main Yelp search page, where they can search for businesses by location or keyword.\n3. Extend your Yelp Ads campaign with $300 in bonus ads budget. Additional terms apply. Redeem Support Center Menu - This link takes users to a page where they can find information about Yelp's advertising program, including details on how to claim rewards and promotions.\n4. Support Center Yelp For Consumers - This link takes users to a page where they can find support for consumers who are looking to make reviews or have questions about using Yelp.\n5. Reviews & Photos Updating Business Information - This link takes users to a page where they can update their business information, including adding photos and reviews from customers.\n6. Yelp for Business Advertising on Yelp Claiming your Business Page - This link takes users to a page where they can learn how to claim their business page and connect with customers on Yelp.\n7. Yelp Reservations - This link takes users to the reservation page, where they can make reservations for restaurants or other businesses that offer online reservations.\n8. Yelp Guest Manager - This link takes users to a page where they can manage their guest accounts and view their reservation history.\n9. Recommended Reviews Yelp Elite Squad - This link takes users to a page where they can find information about the Elite Squad program, which offers additional benefits for businesses that have high-quality reviews from Yelp members.\n10. Support Center Menu - This link takes users to the main support center menu, where they can find links to different pages related to using Yelp.\n11. Searching Yelp Yelp for Developers - This link takes users to a page where they can find information about Yelp's API and other developer resources.\n12. Terms of Service Content Guidelines How can we help? - This link takes users to a page where they can find information about Yelp's terms of service and content guidelines.\n13. Search How does billing work? - This link takes users to a page where they can learn more about Yelp's billing system and payment options.\n14. How do I measure success of my Yelp advertising? - This link takes users to a page where they can find information about how to track the success of their Yelp advertising campaigns.\n15. How do I update my business page to grow my business and connect with customers on Yelp? - This link takes users to a page where they can learn more about how to update their business page and improve its visibility on Yelp.\n16. Why aren't all reviews recommended? - This link takes users to a page where they can find information about why some reviews may not be automatically recommended by Yelp.\n17. How do I reply to a review? - This link takes users to a page where they can learn more about how to respond to customer reviews on Yelp.\n18. How do I login? - This link takes users to a page where they can sign in or create an account on Yelp.\n19. Yelp For Consumers New to Yelp? Get started by discovering great local businesses and sharing your experiences with the Yelp community. - This link takes users to a page where they can find information about how to get started using Yelp as a consumer.\n20. Yelp for Business Learn how to claim your business page and connect with your customers on Yelp. - This link takes users to a page where they can learn more about how to claim their business page and connect with customers on Yelp.\n21. Need Help? Call us. (877) 767-9357 Mon-Fri, 5am-6pm PT | Average wait 1-3 mins - This link takes users to a page where they can contact Yelp's customer service team for help with various issues related to using the platform.\n22. Need Help? Call us. (877) 767-9357 Available Mon-Thurs, 5am - 7pm PST; Fri, 5am - 6pm PST; Sat-Sun, 8am - 4pm PST. Average wait time: less than 30 secs - This link takes users to a page where they can contact Yelp's customer service team for help with various issues related to using the platform.\n23. About About Yelp Careers Press Investor Relations Content Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Ad Choices Discover The Weekly Yelp Yelp Blog Support Yelp Mobile Developers RSS Yelp for Business Claim your Business Page Advertise on Yelp Yelp Reservations Business Success Stories - This link takes users to a page where they can find information about business success stories and how to advertise on Yelp.\n24. About Yelp - This link takes users to a page where they can learn more about the company and its history."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 180613390958, 'load_duration': 1144004, 'prompt_eval_count': 827, 'prompt_eval_duration': 2635839000, 'eval_count': 1246, 'eval_duration': 177840603000}