{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T00:27:59.766862428Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'The following text is the set of strings extracted from the HTML file of a webpage. Legal Imprint - Our House Rules | Etsy Legal Imprint - Our House Rules | Etsy Your Etsy Privacy Settings In order to give you the best experience, we use cookies and similar technologies for performance, analytics, personalization, advertising, and to help our site function. Want to know more? Read our Cookie Policy. You can change your preferences any time in your Privacy Settings. Update settings Accept Your Etsy Privacy Settings For the best experience, we use cookies and similar tools to help Etsy function, for performance, analytics, personalization and advertising. Learn more in our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy . Update your choices any time via Privacy Settings. Update settings Accept Etsy Categories Accessories Art & Collectibles Baby Bags & Purses Bath & Beauty Books, Movies & Music Clothing Craft Supplies & Tools Electronics & Accessories Gifts Home & Living Jewelry Paper & Party Supplies Pet Supplies Shoes Toys & Games Weddings Search for items or shops Clear search Skip to Content Favorites Gift Mode Deals Loading 0 Your account Jane Doe View your profile Purchases and reviews Messages 0 Gift card balance: € 0.00 Special offers Etsy Registry Sell on Etsy Account settings Sign out Cart preview displayed 1 Gift Mode Gift Cards Father’s Day deals Home Favorites Fashion Finds Registry Take full advantage of our site features by enabling JavaScript. Our House Rules Get to know Etsy’s legal terms and policies Search our policies Search Our House Rules / Legal imprint Privacy Policy Terms of Use Legal imprint Buyers Sellers Third parties Legal Imprint Etsy Ireland UC 5th Floor, \nOne Le Pole Square, \nShip Street Great, Dublin 8, Ireland. Phone: +353 1 4720600 Ext. 4095 Email: info@etsy.com Web: www.etsy.com Required Cookies & Technologies Some of the technologies we use are necessary for critical functions like security and site integrity, account authentication, security and privacy preferences, internal site usage and maintenance data, and to make the site work correctly for browsing and transactions. Always on Site Customization Cookies and similar technologies are used to improve your experience, to do things like: remember your login, general, and regional preferences personalize content, search, recommendations, and offers Without these technologies, things like personalized recommendations, your account preferences, or localisation may not work correctly. Find out more in our Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy. On Personalized Advertising To enable personalized advertising (like interest-based ads), we may share your data with our marketing and advertising partners using cookies and other technologies. Those partners may have their own information they’ve collected about you. Turning off the personalized advertising setting won’t stop you from seeing Etsy ads, but it may make the ads you see less relevant or more repetitive. Personalized advertising may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of information under California and other state privacy laws, and you may have a right to opt out. Turning off personalized advertising allows you to exercise your right to opt out. Learn more in our Privacy Policy. , Help Center , and Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy . On Saved Done Update your settings Set where you live, what language you speak, and the currency you use. Learn more. Cancel Loading Save Loading Regions Etsy does business in: Australia Austria Belgium Canada Canada (French) Denmark Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Ireland Israel Italy Japan Mexico New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Singapore Spain Sweden Switzerland The Netherlands United Kingdom United States Got it TRANSLATE with x English Arabic Hebrew Polish Bulgarian Hindi Portuguese Catalan Hmong Daw Romanian Chinese Simplified Hungarian Russian Chinese Traditional Indonesian Slovak Czech Italian Slovenian Danish Japanese Spanish Dutch Klingon Swedish English Korean Thai Estonian Latvian Turkish Finnish Lithuanian Ukrainian French Malay Urdu German Maltese Vietnamese Greek Norwegian Welsh Haitian Creole Persian TRANSLATE with COPY THE URL BELOW Back EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal Back Should this page be private to a certain user? Answer only with yes or no.'}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 171422719613, 'load_duration': 1305486, 'prompt_eval_count': 1595, 'prompt_eval_duration': 5919738000, 'eval_count': 1018, 'eval_duration': 165364751000}