{'model': 'codellama', 'created_at': '2024-06-09T01:38:29.095537843Z', 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "I can see that you have been using TradingView for a while now, and I'm sure you know how to use it effectively. However, there are still some aspects of the platform that you may not be aware of, and I will share with you some tips on how to make the most out of your TradingView experience.\n\n1. Understand the different types of charts: TradingView offers various charting libraries, including lightweight charts, technical indicators, and advanced charts. Learn which ones are best suited for your trading strategy, as well as how to use them effectively.\n2. Use the chat feature: The chat feature is a great way to connect with other traders and get their insights on the markets. Don't be afraid to ask questions or share your own ideas with others.\n3. Join community groups: Community groups are a fantastic resource for learning from experienced traders and sharing ideas. They can also provide valuable information on market trends and analysis.\n4. Create custom scripts and indicators: TradingView offers various scripting tools that allow you to create custom scripts and indicators. Use them to your advantage by creating the charts and indicators that best suit your trading style.\n5. Utilize the mobile app: The TradingView mobile app is a powerful tool for on-the-go trading. Use it to access your charts, perform technical analysis, and make trading decisions without the need for a computer.\n6. Take advantage of the economic calendar: TradingView offers an extensive economic calendar that provides valuable information on market trends and analysis. Use it to plan your trades and stay informed about upcoming events.\n7. Connect with other traders: Building relationships with other traders can be beneficial for both personal and professional growth. Join community groups, chat with experienced traders, and collaborate on projects to learn from others and expand your knowledge.\n8. Learn how to use the search function: The search function is a powerful tool that allows you to find specific charts, indicators, and scripts quickly and easily. Use it to locate the information you need to make informed trading decisions.\n9. Participate in live markets: TradingView offers live market data and analysis that can help you make trading decisions in real-time. Join live markets to stay up-to-date with market trends and analyze them before making your next trade.\n10. Keep your charts organized: It's important to keep your charts organized and easily accessible. Use the chart library feature to categorize and manage your charts, so you can quickly find the information you need.\n\nBy following these tips, you will be able to make the most out of your TradingView experience and become a more effective trader."}, 'done_reason': 'stop', 'done': True, 'total_duration': 104676256755, 'load_duration': 1221355, 'prompt_eval_count': 1797, 'prompt_eval_duration': 6924156000, 'eval_count': 594, 'eval_duration': 97609009000}